 AVID BARSAMIAN




with
NOAM CHOMSKY
ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN
andNAHID MOZAFFARI
      Digitized by the Internet Archive
                   in 2012




http://archive.org/details/targetingiranOObars
            -y Targeting

            Iran
DAVID BARS AM IAN

     with   NOAM CHOMSKY,
ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN,
 and   NAHID MOZAFFARI




 -.          T
             Open Media Series
             City Lights Books
             San Francisco




r>
                                                                         —

© Copyright 2007 by David Barsamian
© Copyright 2007 by Ervand Abrahamian and David Barsamian
© Copyright 2007 by Noam Chomsky and David Barsamian
© Copyright 2007 by Nahid Mozaffari and David Barsamian
All Rights Reserved


The Open Media Series is edited by Greg Ruggiero and archived by
the Tamiment Library, New York University.


Cover photo by Ali Khaligh. "An Iranian couple cross the street in downtown
Tehran, Iran, 2005."


Cover design: Pollen

Library of Congress Cataloging-in- Publication Data
  Barsamian, David.
   Targeting Iran / by David Barsamian; with Noam Chomsky, Ervand Abra-
  hamian, and Nahid Mozaffari.
   p. cm.   —(Open media series)
   Includes index.
   ISBN-13: 978-0-87286-458-0
   ISBN-10: 0-87286-458-8
   1. United States   —                      —           —
                      Foreign relations Iran. 2. Iran Foreign relations
                                        —               —
  United States. 3. United States Foreign relations 1945-1989. 4. United
       — Foreign relations— 1989- Iran—
  States                                    5.    and government
                                                   Politics
                 —
  1941-1979. 6. Iran       and government— 1979-1997.
                          Politics                     Iran—  7.    Politics
  and government— 1997- Chomsky, Noam.
                               1.          Abrahamian, Ervand, 1940-
                                                 II.

  III.   Mozaffari, Nahid. IV. Title.
   E183.8.I55B38 2007
  3277305509'045—dc22
2006101938

City Lights Books are published at the City Lights Bookstore,
261 Columbus Avenue, San Francisco, CA 94133.


Visit our   Web site: www.citylights.com
ervand abrahamian, born in Iran, is professor of Mid-
dle Eastern history at Baruch College in New York.         A
leading scholar on Iran, he is the author of Iran Between
Two Revolutions and Khomeinism, and coauthor of Invent-
ing the Axis of Evil.


david barsamian is the award- winning founder and
director of Alternative Radio (www.alternativeradio.org).

His interviews appear in magazines and periodicals
around the world. His latest books are Speaking of Empire
and Resistance with Tariq Ali; Imperial Ambitions with
Noam Chomsky; and Original Zinn with Howard Zinn.

NOAM Chomsky, internationally renowned MIT profes-
sor, practically invented   modern linguistics. In addition
to his pioneering work in that field, he has been a leading

voice for peace and social justice. The New York Times calls

him "a global phenomenon, perhaps the most widely
read voice on foreign policy on the planet." A prolific
author, his latest books are Failed States and Interventions.


nahid mozaffari, born in Iran, is author of The Public
Intellectual in Iran:   1906-1956. She has taught Middle
Eastern history at the      New School in New York. She
received her Ph.D. in history and Middle Eastern studies

from Harvard.
                 Contents

              Acknowledgments
                       9


                 Introduction
               DAVID BARSAMIAN
                       II



                    chapter 1
                Targeting Iran
                NOAM CHOMSKY
                       31



                    chapter 2
The Mullahs Face Off: Washington Versus Tehran
              ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN
                       69

                    chapter}
 Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power
               NAHID MOZAFFARI
                      125


                    Index
                      189
                ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

I   would like to thank all the contributors who made
this book possible. Additionally,   my gratitude goes
to Anatascia    Dadashpour for her astute editing
assistance, Farah Davari for her sagacious advice,
David Peterson, fact-checker extraordinaire, KGNU
for technical support, and Greg Ruggiero, intrepid
editor. Thanks also to International Socialist Review,

where parts of the Chomsky interview appeared.

                  — David Barsamian
                     Introduction
                  BY DAVID BARSAMIAN


    "Iran encompasses some of the most critical geogra-
    phy in the world, [which] gives it a critical position
    from which adversaries could interfere with oil flows
    from the Arab states that border the Persian Gulf.
    Apart from geography, Iran's oil deposits are impor-
    tant to the long-term health of the world economy."
    —RONALD REAGAN, November 13, 1986

    "The actions and policies of the Government of Iran
    continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat
    to the national security, foreign policy, and economy
    of the United States."
    — GEORGE W. BUSH, executive order extending the
    national emergency with respect to Iran, March 10, 2005


    "There are very few countries on the face of the earth
    that have caused us more trouble than Iran, more
    heartburn than Iran over a period of decades."
    —LEE HAMILTON, Iraq Study Group, PBS's The NewsHour
    with Jim Lehrer, December 2006



"Iran," area specialist Dilip Hiro writes, "is unique
in geography, history, and culture. Its shoreline runs
along the eastern side of the oil-rich Persian Gulf
                      Introduction




and about 300 miles (480 km) of the Arabian Sea.
It is a neighbor of the   six Arab Gulf monarchies. It

has land borders with the Indian subcontinent,
Afghanistan, Turkmenistan, Azerbaijan, Armenia,
Turkey, and Iraq; and it shares its Caspian Sea lit-
toral with Russia and Kazakhstan."

  Iranian identity is deeply rooted in its millennia-
old civilization. In the ancient world, the Persian
Empire dominated much of what is now called the
Middle East. Iranians are proud people and aware
of their history and culture.
  Iran is a multilingual, multiethnic country. Farsi,
an Indo-European language, is the national lan-
guage. It is written in the Arabic script from right
to left. Its grammar, however, is completely different

from that of Arabic, which is a Semitic language.
The Iranians added four letters to the twenty-eight
of the Arabic alphabet to accommodate some singu-
lar Persian sounds. Farsi, probably originating in

the Fars area of central Iran, is a powerfully expres-
sive and beautiful language with a great tradition of

poetry. The most well-known of its poets is Rumi,
the mystical Sufi. Rumi's work has been translated
into many languages, and today he is one of the
most widely read poets in the world. When I was in


                            12
                            Introduction




Iran, I heard Rumi couplets recited by shopkeepers

and students. In addition to "Maulana" Rumi, the
list    of Iran's great classical poets includes such
giants as Hafez, Sadi, Attar, Jami,        Khayyam, and
Nizami. The tradition of poetry and its importance
in Iranian culture continues today, as Nahid Mozaf-
fari discusses in chapter 4. The country's national

epic is The Shahnameh, by Ferdowsi. Iran also has
its    own very rich classical music system based on
modes, or dastgah.
      Although an ancient land, Iran today is a youth-
ful     country. Approximately one-third of      its   70
million people are under thirty years of age. Women
are probably better educated than in any other coun-
try in the region. They make up 65 percent of all

students entering university. In addition to their
strong presence in education, medicine, and the
arts,   many women are anchors, reporters, and talk-
show hosts on TV and radio programs. However,
their representation in top government positions is
not as prominent.
                      composed primarily of Per-
      Ethnically, Iran is
sians, but there are significant Azeri, Kurd, and
Arab minorities. Although an Islamic republic, Iran
contains small communities of Baha'is, Armenian



                                 13
                      Introduction




Christians, Jews, and Zoroastrians. Zoroastrianism,
a monotheistic faith, was founded by Zarathustra in
1200 BC. It was the major religion in Iran until the
Arab conquest of the seventh century. Under the
Arabs, Iran became Muslim.
  Shah Ismail of the great Safavid Dynasty estab-
lished Shia Islam as the state religion in 1501.
Today, 89 percent of Iranians are Shia, more than
in any other country. Because of its massive Shia
population, Iran's historical, cultural, and religious
links with neighboring Iraq are deep. The principal
pilgrimage sites for Shias worldwide, not just Iran,
are the shrines in Najaf (Imam Ali) and Karbala
(Imam Hussein) in Iraq.
  In the modern period, Iran has been the center
of great power rivalries. First czarist Russia, then
the   Soviet   Union, competed with Britain for
supremacy in Iranian affairs. Since the end of
World War II, the United States has projected its
military, diplomatic, and economic power on Iran

and the Middle East. For good reason: Iran has
huge oil and natural gas reserves. The area consti-
tutes, in the   words of a 1945 State Department
document, "a stupendous source of strategic power,
and one of the greatest material prizes in world his-


                           14
                       Introduction



tory" (Chomsky and Barsamian, Imperial Ambitions,

2005, p. 6).
  In late October 2006, the United States deployed
a "strike group" of military vessels to the Persian
Gulf, including a nuclear aircraft carrier, a cruiser,
a destroyer, a frigate, a submarine escort, and a sup-
ply ship, as well as   Marine Corps units, just off
Iran's coast. The task force was dubbed the Eisen-
hower Strike Group. The former president's name
has special resonance for Iranians. It was Eisen-
hower who approved the 1953 coup overthrowing
the   democratically     elected    government of
Mohammed Mossadegh. The latter, a popular fig-
ure, had the temerity to believe that Iran's oil wealth
should   benefit    the     Iranian   people.   Clearly,
Mossadegh did not understand the basic rule of
international relations as explained by top State
Department planner George Kennan: it is "our oil."
So when Mossadegh nationalized the oil wells,
Washington, egged on by London, overthrew him.
The shah was restored to power. His tyrannical rule
set the stage for the rise        of Ayatollah Ruholla
Khomeini.      Ayatollah   — "sign of God" —    is   the
supreme Shiite clerical title.
  The 1953 coup is one of the central events of


                             •s
                        Introduction




twentieth-century history, and         its   repercussions
continue to this day. Yet most Americans know little
about Iran and the coup against Mossadegh. Ask
the average American about the hostage crisis, how-
ever, and I   am certain you would get a much higher
level of recognition.   Mark Bowden's Guests of the
Ayatollah (2006), for example, is a 680-page book
with only four references to Mossadegh. Bowden's
book received extensive media coverage and hit
best-seller lists. One cannot understand the Novem-

ber 1979 takeover of the U.S. embassy in Tehran
and the hostage crisis, the subject of his book, with-
out the context and background of the 1953 coup.
The coup, code-named "Ajax," was directed by Ker-
mit Roosevelt and run out of the U.S. embassy in
Tehran. Twenty-six year later, the militants, with
some reason, feared a rerun. Months before the
seizure of the embassy, President Jimmy Carter dis-
patched Robert Huyser, a top general, to Tehran to
inspire a countercoup using sympathetic elements
in the Iranian military. Huyser did not succeed.
  The 1953 coup was doubly significant; it not only
terminated the democratic experiment and brought
back the shah, but it effectively ended British influ-
ence in Iran. The United States was now in the


                             [6
                       Introduction




driver's seat, exactly where it wanted to be. Margin-

alizing the British and also the French in the region
was one of Washington's primary policy goals in the
post- Wo rid War II era. So the Iranian coup was a
big step in realizing their geopolitical objectives. For
Iranians, the events of 1953 are not ancient history.
Their memories of the destruction of their democ-
racy are vivid. And the memories extend beyond
Iran. While I was on a lecture tour of Lebanon and

Syria in 2005,   whenever I mentioned the coup,
members in the audience were well informed about
         and ramifications.
its details

   Under the shah, Iran was a cornerstone of U.S.
hegemony in the Middle East for more than twenty
years. Iran and Israel were, as Nixon's defense sec-
retary Melvin Laird said, local "cops on the beat"
ensuring that "radical nationalists" would not
threaten U.S. interests.
   The Islamic Revolution of 1978-79 ended that
equation and altered regional power dynamics.
With the overthrow of the shah, Iran severed itself
from the United States. Not only did the United
States lose one of its main regional allies, but the
new government in Tehran signaled the end to the
flow of Iranian cash going to U.S. military contrac-


                            i"
                      Introduction



tors. The shah had spent tens of billions of dollars

purchasing U.S. -made weapons. He had also, with
Washington's blessing, embarked on a nuclear
energy program.
  Today, the United States       and Iran are on the
brink of war. Much of what we see playing out today
had its origins in the events of the late 1970s. The
"loss" of Iran was a huge blow to Washington's
larger strategy in the Middle East. The humiliating
and interminable hostage crisis, coupled with a
botched rescue mission, further hardened Washing-
ton's stance toward the new government in Tehran.
The United States cut off diplomatic relations and
imposed sanctions, conditions that continue to this
day.

  The Reagan administration's diplomatic, mili-
tary, and economic support forSaddam Hussein's
1980-88 war on Iran deeply embittered Tehran and
strained relations even further. However, Washing-
ton was playing both sides. In the mid-1980s, it was
covertly selling   arms   to Iran in a   complicated
scheme to fund the Contras in Nicaragua. Tehran
went along with this deal because most of its mili-
tary arsenal   was of American origin and it was
desperate for spare parts. Once the details became



                           l*
                        Introduction



public, and the Iran-Contra scandal embarrassed
and weakened the Reagan presidency, shipments
ceased.
  Under George W. Bush, U.S. -Iranian relations
have deteriorated drastically. In his 2002 State of
the Union address, President Bush designated Iran
as part of the "axis of evil." The speech stunned
Tehran, particularly as it had just assisted the Bush
administration     in    ousting        the   Taliban   in
Afghanistan. The "axis of evil" label was a big set-
back for reform president Mohammad Khatami
(1997-2005), who risked much in cooperating with
the United States. For Iran to be categorically
grouped with Saddam Hussein's Iraq, which had
waged an eight-year war against Iran (1980-88),
was an additional humiliation.
   In March 2003, the United States invaded Iraq.
That May, Khatami sent a broad-range proposal to
Washington through the Swiss embassy. According
to a March 2007 article by Craig Unger in Vanity
Fair,   the Iranian offer was "comprehensive" and
"everything was on the table       —   Iran's nuclear pro-
gram, policy toward Israel, support of Hamas and
Hezbollah, and control over al-Qaeda operatives
captured" by Iran. "Given the initiative's historic


                             [9
                        Introduction




scope, however," Unger writes, "it was surprising
when the Bush administration simply declined to
respond. There was not even an interagency meet-
ing to discuss it." A few days later, the White House
had the State Department reprimand the Swiss
ambassador "for exceeding his diplomatic man-
date" in conveying the Iranian proposal, writes
Unger, citing National Security Council staffer Flynt
Leverett. For Tehran not to receive a reply from
Washington was yet another insult. During my Feb-
ruary 2007 trip to Iran, a hard-liner told me, "We
told Khatami not to deal with the Americans.       We
told him, you will get nothing for your efforts. He
didn't listen to us."
   Political   tensions with the United States have
sharply escalated in 2006-7. United States allies
Israel, India, and Pakistan all possess nuclear

weapons but have not signed the Nuclear Non- Pro-
liferation Treaty (NPT).      Washington gives those
countries a free pass, but not Iran, which is a signa-
tory to the     NPT and has come under intense
scrutiny. As a signatory to the treaty, it is permitted
to enrich uranium.  However, it is accused by the
Bush administration, with some European support,
of enriching uranium to develop nuclear weapons.



                            20
                       Introduction




The International Atomic Energy Agency, based in
Vienna, referred the issue of Iranian compliance or
noncompliance with the NPT to the UN Security
Council in New York. In December 2006, the Secu-
rity Council voted to impose limited sanctions on

Iraq.   More comprehensive            sanctions, with the
United States pressing the issue, are on their way.
Interestingly, the United States is also a signatory to

the NPT and, as such, is obliged to draw down its
nuclear weapons arsenal. Despite their importance
for understanding the crisis, it is virtually impossi-
ble to find mention of these key facts in most U.S.
media reporting on the issue.
  The central tenet of U.S. policy is: What we say
goes. To      make certain Tehran understands this
basic principle of statecraft, in February 2007 Wash-
ington has dispatched yet another aircraft carrier
battle group to the Persian Gulf to join the already

deployed Eisenhower group. The new armada is led
by the carrier USS John C. Stennis.
  One can only imagine the response from Wash-
ington   if    Iranian naval vessels were deployed
offshore from New York or Seattle.
  The U.S. position on talking with Iran is: Give us
what a negotiation would produce before the nego-


                            21
                        Introduction




tiations start.   You concede, and then we can sit
down and talk. This posture is a nonstarter as far as
the Iranians are concerned. On February 27, 2007,
Iran's    foreign   minister,    Manouchehr      Mottaki,
restated his country's position: "Demands that Iran
halt enrichment are illegal and illegitimate." That
will "never" happen, he said.          However, he added,
Iran is prepared to negotiate about its nuclear pro-
gram "without any preconditions."
  With no sense of irony, Washington constantly
accuses Iran of "meddling" in the affairs of its
neighbor Iraq. In January 2007, Bush warned that
American military forces would "seek out and
destroy" Iranian "networks" in Iraq. Washington
accuses Iran of supplying Iraqi insurgents with
explosively formed projectiles (EFPs). These EFP
accusations threaten to spark a conflict with Iran in
the same way that the issue of weapons of mass
destruction was used by United States to justify its
war on Iraq. Although the Bush administration says
it   has no intention to invade Iran, the New States-
man and the BBC, on February 19 and 20, 2007,
revealed detailed plans of what an American attack
would look like. The BBC reported that two triggers
would cause U.S. military action: (a) any confirma-


                            22
                         Introduction



tion that Iran was developing a nuclear weapon or
(b)    if   Iran were responsible for a high-casualty
attack against U.S. forces.
      As Iraq slides further into sectarian chaos, move-
ment is occurring across the region. A "shift is
occurring," write Michael Slackman and Hassan
Fattah in the New York Times on February 6, 2007,
"with encouragement from the Bush administra-
tion. Its goal is to see an American-backed alliance

of Sunni Arab states including Saudi Arabia, Jor-
dan, Lebanon and Egypt, along with a Fatah-led
Palestine and Israel, opposing Iran, Syria and the
radical groups they support." The article goes on to
say, "While the Bush administration sees the con-

flict in Iraq as one between alliesand terrorists, the
                                                 —
Saudis tend to see it as Sunnis versus Shiites and
they favor the Sunnis, while the Americans back the
Shiite-led government."
      If U.S. strategy in the Middle East is fueling the

Shia- Sunni divide, the prospects for a regional war
become more probable. Seymour Hersh, in his
March 5, 2007, New Yorker article titled "The Redi-
rection," says, "The 'redirection,' as some in the
White House call the new strategy, has brought the
United States closer to an open confrontation with


                              23
                      Introduction




Iran and, in parts of the region, propelled it into a
widening sectarian conflict between Shiite and
Sunni Muslims." Hersh continues, "To undermine
Iran,   which is predominantly       Shiite, the   Bush
Administration has decided, in effect, to reconfig-
ure its priorities in the Middle East." Hersh goes on
to say that one aspect of Washington's new policy is

"the bolstering of Sunni extremist groups that
espouse a militant vision of Islam and are hostile to
America and sympathetic to Al Qaeda." Hersh
reports that the United States is carrying out "clan-
destine operations aimed at Iran," including putting
special forces inside that country.       The United
States, in another aspect of its Iran destabilization

strategy, is attempting to stir up discontent among

various ethnic groups, such as the Azeris, Kurds,
Arabs, and Baluchis. Saudi money and influence,
according to Hersh, are a crucial factor in the "redi-
rection."
  Once again, as in the Iran-Contra and the Afghan
mujahideen episodes, Washington turns to Riyadh,
one of the most extremist regimes on Earth, for aid
and support. Saudi Arabia is positioning itself as
the defender of the Sunnis not just in Iraq but also
in Lebanon. This strategy, in coordination with
                      Introduction




Washington, can have explosive consequences, not
just in the region but in south Asia, where there are

Shiite minorities. The sectarian war in Iraq could be

just the beginning of much greater bloodshed. And
that is because of the intolerant Wahhabi Islam
practiced in Saudi Arabia.
  Wahhabism was founded by Mohammed Abdul
Wahhab in the eighteenth century. Its central tenet
is a literal interpretation of the Koran. Its antipathy

and hostility to Shia Islam, the predominant Islam
practiced in Iran, Iraq, Bahrain, and Azerbaijan, are
profound and unyielding. Scholar Vali Nasr gives
some background: "The rise of Islamic fundamen-
talism in South Asia and the Arab World in the
1970s on lent new intensity to age-old anti-Shia
bias." This trend was bankrolled largely by Saudi
money. In the Saudi's Wahhabi worldview, Shia
Islam is seen as apostasy. "Wahhabis," Nasr contin-
ues, "condemned the [Shiite] veneration of saints
and their shrines as polytheism, and viewed Mus-
lims who engaged in this action as heretics.   .   .   .   [I]n

1802 Wahhabi armies invaded Karbala and dese-
crated the shrine of Imam Hussein     —an event that
has left an indelible mark on Shia historical mem-
ory."   Nasr adds, "As Wahhabism has become


                           25
                     Introduction



increasingly influential across the Muslim world
and become the theological driving force behind
Salafist movements [such as al-Qaeda], the tenor of

the Shia-Sunni conflict has become more strident.
In many ways the greater violence of Shia-Sunni
conflict in recent years flows from the spread of
Wahhabi influence." Washington is playing with
fire in relying on Wahhabi fundamentalists in Saudi

Arabia. That President Bush and Secretary of State
Condoleezza Rice could both describe the regime in
Riyadh as "moderate" is staggering.
  The Bush administration's anti-Iranian propa-
ganda has had an effect on U.S. public opinion,
which now, according to Gallup, regards Iran "most
negatively of 22 countries" and as America's "great-
est   enemy." In addition to the usual suspects
beating the drums of war against Iran, such as the
Weekly Standard, the American Enterprise Institute,
and CNN's Glenn Beck, radical Christian funda-
mentalists are joining the fray. Televangelist John
Hagee warns, "Iran is the command post for global
Islamic terror." Author Jerome Corsi writes, "A
world ruled by Iran is something every person who
loves freedom should fear."
  On the domestic political front,     I   think the


                         26
                      Introduction



Democrats will try to outflank the Republicans, by
staking out an even more aggressive position on
Iran. United States security will continue to be wed-

ded to Israel's, and anyone who doesn't have the
stomach for military action against Iran will be
branded an appeaser. Few will risk the stigma of
being labeled soft on Iran. Whenever the discussion
turns to Iran, leading presidential candidate Hillary
Clinton repeats the war hawks' mantra, "All options
are on the table."
  Shirin Ebadi, Iran's 2003 Nobel Peace Prize lau-
reate, in an opinion piece in        USA Today, has this
advice for Americans and the regime in Washing-
ton: "The Iranian people are exceedingly proud of
their 2,500-year history and culture. Iran as a coun-
try is larger and greater than its rulers and exists

apart from any government in power at any partic-
ular time. If America attacks, however, Iranians will
unite, forgetting their differences with their govern-
ment, and they will fiercely and tenaciously defend
their country."
   Her comments were made real to me during my
2007 trip to Iran. In conversations I had with many
Iranians, even those opposed to the government,
they all told me that war talk and any U.S. military



                          27
                         Introduction




action would be counterproductive. It would gener-
ate    further   support    for    President   Mahmoud
Ahmadinejad and the clerics. Washington's bel-
ligerent rhetoric, they told me, has made it
extremely difficult for what are called moderate
reformers to express themselves, thus further con-
solidating power for the religious hard-liners. Those
criticizing the government are portrayed as being
tools of the Americans.
   I   met with Shirin Ebadi in May 2006 when she
was visiting Denver to give a lecture. She told me,
"Democracy cannot be brought to a people with
cluster bombs. Any military invasion, or even the
threat of one, harms democracy. It is not something
that happens overnight. Democracy needs to evolve
in a peaceful atmosphere. And the U.S. should not
impose it on Iran or any other country. It will be a
disaster if it tries."
   I   asked Ebadi if she liked Iranian poetry. She
smiled and replied, "There is hardly an Iranian who
does not have an appreciation for poetry.        I   read
poetry at night. It helps me relax."
   I   asked her to recite a couplet she particularly
liked. She picked one from Hafez that says,




                             28
                        Introduction




        If there is no justice,
        then those who are deprived
           may one day take to the streets and rise up.

The purpose of this book is to offer a primer on the
escalating crisis between the United States and
Iran, to provide the reader with critical background

information often omitted when U.S. media discuss
Iran, and to introduce readers to some of the deeper

political and cultural issues at play in contemporary

Iran. The interviews presented here were all con-
ducted at various times throughout 2006.




                            29
                 Targeting Iran
                  NOAM CHOMSKY



Bush administration rhetoric on Iran reflects similar
comments it made about Iraq. The president calls Iran
"the world's primary state sponsor of terrorism"; the sec-

retary of state calls Iran's record "something to he
loathed"; Defense Secretary Rumsfeld said "the Iranian

regime is today the world's leading state sponsor of ter-
rorism. " And accompanying that rhetoric is the media

echo chamber. A recent Newsweek cover story titled
"The Neoct Nuclear Threat: How Dangerous Is Iran?"
used a grim photo of the Iranian president, Mahmoud
Ahmadinejad. Where is U.S. policy going on Iran?

U.S. policy has been fairly consistent with regard to
Iran for over half a century. There are variations
depending on circumstances, but the guiding princi-
ples are the same. Here people sort of pretend it's
ancient history. The people who hold the clubs typi-
                         Targeting Iran



cally like to forget history and say it's irrelevant. But

the people who are hit by the clubs tend to remember
history, for    good reasons, because it teaches you
something. They are correct in this. If we want to
learn about it, we should stand alongside the victims.
   Crucial, relevant parts of U.S. policy toward Iran
begin, of course, with the overthrow of the parlia-
mentary government in 1953 by a U.S. [-led],
British-backed [and] initiated military coup, which
installed the shah    —one of the more brutal tyrants
of the last   half century— and supported him     fully to

the end. A couple of months before he was over-
thrown, President Carter was telling him how much
the Iranian people love him because he's so mar-
velous, and so on.
   He was overthrown in 1979. There were Ameri-
can hostages taken at the time of the crisis. The only
event that exists in American history            is   that
hostages were taken, not twenty-five years of terror
and torture after the overthrow of the parliamentary
government. But Iranians look at it differently. This
is their history.   Ever since that time (1979), the U.S.
has tried to destroy the government. Right away
Carter sent a NATO general to try to instigate a mil-
itary coup, but it didn't work.




                               52
                    NOAM CHOMSKY


   The U.S. had close relations with the Iranian mil-
itary. They started providing the Iranian military

            —
with arms that's the way you overthrow a civilian
government: you arm the military, via Israel, with
Saudi Arabian money, which makes sense because
Iran, Saudi Arabia, Israel, and Turkey were the
regional allies in controlling Middle East oil. That
didn't work. With various twists and turns, it even-
tuated in the Iran-Contra affair. Meanwhile the U.S.
supported Iraq's war against Iran. Iraq invaded Iran
in September 1980.
  Saddam Hussein was executed for crimes that he
committed in 1982. If we had a properly function-
ing free press in the country, it would have pointed
out that 1982 is quite an important year in U.S.-
Iraqi-Iranian relations. That was the year in which
Reagan took Iraq off the list of states supporting ter-
ror.   And the reason was so that he could provide
Iraq with aid, including means to develop weapons
of mass destruction, nuclear weapons, biotoxins,
chemical weapons, and so on. At that time it was
primarily for the war against Iran, although the
same aid continued long after that war was over.
There were other reasons. Donald Rumsfeld, whom
you quoted, was sent to Iraq to finalize the deal with


                          53
                            Targeting Iran



their friend Saddam. The Iranians don't forget this.
They lost a huge number of casualties to the U.S.-
backed Iraqi aggression. They were attacked with
chemical weapons and other atrocities.
   The punishment of Iranians continues until
today. The basic reason is simply that Iran dis-
obeyed orders. Overthrowing a U.S. -installed tyrant
is   not acceptable behavior, and in one or another
way the Iranian people have to be punished for it.
So they've been under harsh sanctions, now threats
of attack   —not      just threats, preparations for attack.
     Israel is a small country, but it's now more or less

a U.S. offshore military base and high-tech center.
Thanks to the U.S. connection, it has a very power-
ful military. Its air force is larger and technologically

more advanced than any NATO power outside the
United      States.    For the last couple of years the
United States has been sending over one hundred
advanced jet bombers to Israel, very publicly adver-
tised as capable of, with the intention of, bombing
Iran. These jets are equipped with what are called

"special weapons" in the Hebrew press. No one
knows what that means, but it's for the ears of Iran-
ian    intelligence.      They're supposed to      make    a
worst-case analysis.



                                  54
                     NOAM CHOMSKY


  The invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan surround
Iran with U.S. forces, in the Gulf and Central Asia
as well. Pakistan has nuclear        weapons, but the
major nuclear power in the region is Israel. It has
hundreds of nuclear weapons and presumably
other weapons of mass destruction. Iran is simply
surrounded by hostile forces.
   The invasion of Iraq was a very clear signal, quite
well understood everywhere, that if you want to
deter a U.S. invasion, you have to have some kind
of deterrent. One deterrent is terror. Another deter-
rent is nuclear weapons. So the invasion of Iraq was
basically a plea to Iran to develop nuclear weapons.
And that's understood. One of Israel's leading mil-
itary historians,   Martin van Creveld, wrote in the
International Herald Tribune that of course Israel
doesn't want Iran to get nuclear weapons, but if
they're not doing it, they're "crazy," given the strate-
gic situation and the U.S. invasion of Iraq.
   Let's come closer to the present. Three years ago,

the European Union and Iran made a bargain. Iran
says they're enriching uranium for the development
of nuclear energy. If that's what they're doing, it's
entirely within the framework of the Nuclear Non-
Proliferation Treaty (NPT). In fact, it's little bit ironic



                            *5
                         Targeting Iran



at   MIT, where we are now, I should say, because
twenty years ago MIT made a deal with the shah of
Iran, pretty much to sell him a large part of the
nuclear engineering department. The deal was that
MIT would train lots of Iranian nuclear engineers
and in return the shah would pay some big sum of
money. That leak led to a huge protest on campus by
students who were overwhelmingly opposed to it.
The faculty overwhelmingly approved it. All of this
was done, if not at U.S. government initiative, cer-
tainly with its support. At that time Henry Kissinger

was explaining that Iran needs nuclear energy. It has
to preserve its petrochemicals for other purposes.

Now Henry Kissinger  —       he's just a symbol, the same
with everyone    — saying they
                    is                    can't possibly need
nuclear energy, they have so               much petroleum
reserves,         must be developing nuclear
             so they
weapons. Kissinger was asked about this, and he
said [that] they were       an ally then, so then they
needed nuclear energy; now they [have broken] out
of U.S. control, so they don't need nuclear energy.
Enrichment of uranium, which is legal under the
NPT, is not a long step from developing nuclear
weapons. So who knows? Maybe Martin van Creveld
is correct   and they're not crazy. I don't know.


                              $6
                    NOAM CHOMSKY


  Anyway, three years ago the European Union did
make a bargain with them that Iran would stop
enriching uranium, though they're legally entitled
to do it, and in return   —here's the other half of the
bargain   —the European Union would provide firm
guarantees on security issues. The phrase security
issues refers to U.S. -Israeli threats to   bomb Iran,
which are very serious.
  By U.S. standards, Iran ought to be carrying out
terrorist acts in the United States. In fact, adopting

U.S. standards, we ought to be demanding that they
do it. They're under far greater threat than anything
Bush or Blair ever conjured up, and that's supposed
to authorize what they call anticipatory self-defense,
namely attack. They can't bomb the United States.
They could do something else. Of course, that's
totally outrageous, but that just tells you something

about U.S.-British standards. However, Europe did
not live up to its half of the bargain. Apparently
under U.S. pressure, it backed off. It did not make
any offer to provide any guarantees of security.
Shortly after, Iran backed off from its side of the
bargain.
  That brings us up to the present, with Europe
refusing to live up to the bargain; the U.S. and Israel



                            37
                     Targeting Iran



continuing, extending in fact, the threats to Iranian
security, which are serious; and Iran, we don't know.

They're back to enriching uranium, and we don't
know for what purposes. No one wants Iran to get
nuclear weapons. If there were a real interest in pre-
venting that, what would happen        is   you would
reduce the threats, which are making it likely that
they'll develop them as a deterrent; implement the

bargain that was made; and then move toward inte-
grating Iran into the general international economic
system; remove the sanctions, which are against the
people, not the government; and just bring them
into the world system. The U.S. refuses.       Europe
does what the U.S. orders them to do.
  One of the problems that the U.S. is facing is that
China is not intimidated. That's why the U.S. is so
frightened of China. You see headlines on the front
pages, "How Dangerous Is China?" Of all the major
nuclear powers, China has been the most restrained
in its development of offensive weaponry. But

China is frightening because it is not intimidated.
Europe will back off, and China won't. European
companies, frightened of the U.S., have backed
away from investments in Iran, but China just pro-
ceeds. That's why the U.S. is so terrified of China.



                           J8
                   NOAM CHOMSKY


If you're the Mafia don and somebody doesn't pay

protection money, that's scary, especially when you
can't do anything about it.
  What may happen is that the Bush administra-
tion may succeed in driving Iran into the Asian
energy security system. Iran has options. They
might decide that Europe is much too cowardly to
stand up to the U.S. and decide that they'll break
their ties with the West and turn eastward. There is
an Asian energy security grid linked to the Shang-
hai Cooperation Organization [SCO]. It's based in
China and Russia. The Central Asian states have
joined. India will probably join   —   it's unclear.   India
and Iran are observers at the SCO. South Korea will
probably join. Iran wants to develop an independent
energy security system for this rapidly growing
industrial region in Asia. That's a very frightening
prospect for the United States, because it reduces
U.S. global domination. If Iran joins the Asians, it
could be a kind of lynchpin. Iran has plenty of nat-
ural gas, substantial petroleum, and so on. And the
U.S. may drive them into that grid, which would
strengthen it. And that's expanding.
  China, as I say, is not intimidated. They're also
making deals with Saudi Arabia, which is the main


                         39
                        Targeting Iran



center of energy production. I forgot the exact num-
ber, but I think they're getting maybe 10-15 percent

of their energy imports from Saudi Arabia. They're
also entering into military relations both with Iran
and Saudi Arabia. With            Iran,    it's   presumably
because the two countries regard it as a deterrent to
U.S. threats. With Saudi Arabia,              it's   extremely
frightening to U.S. planners.            The U.S. military
catastrophe in Iraq, which is one of the worst in his-
tory,   may end up leaving Iraq with a Shiite majority,
with pretty close relations with Shiite Iran. A lot of
the clerics, including the Ayatollah Sistani, come
from Iran. The major militia in the south, the Badr
brigade, was trained in Iran and actually fought
with Iran during the I ran- Iraq war.
    These ties have already been increasing. Moqtada
Sadr leads the Mahdi army, the other major militia.
By attacking him, the U.S. has turned him from a
minor cleric into a major figure in Iraq. He gained,
I   think, 50 percent or so in the last parliamentary
elections and is now on a par with the other major
Shiite bloc. He may end up being the leading ele-
ment in the Shiite bloc. He was in Tehran recently
and announced that if the U.S. or Israel attacks
Iran, his militia  —
                  and the U.S. is afraid maybe the


                             40
                     NOAM CHOMSKY


Iranian army   —   will join in attacking the U.S. in

Iraq. That could blow up.   We don't know. The Pen-
tagon doesn't know. Nobody knows. That's one of
the deterrents. And it could end up being the ulti-
mate nightmare for Washington:         a Shiite bloc,
including Iran, Iraq to the extent it attains any sov-
ereignty, and the Shiite areas of Saudi Arabia, which

are adjacent to the other two countries, and which
happen to be where most of Saudi Arabian oil is.
That conceivably could be an independent, loose
Shiite alliance controlling most of the world's oil,
not subordinated to the U.S., possibly even joining
the Asian energy security grid. If the Bush adminis-
tration   achieves that, they will have seriously
undermined the U.S. position in the world.
   Moving elsewhere, they're doing the same thing
in the Western Hemisphere. Their talent for alien-
ating allies is phenomenal. They've even succeeded
in alienating Canada, and that takes tremendous
talent. But the Bush administration has refused to

follow NAFTA judgments in favor of Canada in
Canada-U.S. cases. The U.S. just told them to get
lost after they ruled against the     United   States.
Canada is not very happy about it. They don't stand
up to the U.S., but they didn't like it. And the gov-


                           41
                      Targeting Iran



ernment has said that if this continues, they'll
divert oil that they're sending to the U.S. to China.
Canada is one of the major energy providers to the
United States.
  The other major provider in the Western Hemi-
sphere is Venezuela. U.S. hostility to Venezuela has
also driven them to diversify. They have increasing
relations with China. And they are quite happy to
do it. They're diversifying their exports. And from
Venezuela down to Argentina, the region is almost
out of control. The U.S. doesn't have the mecha-
nisms it used to have, like military coups and
attacks and so on. It can't do that anymore. In fact,
they tried. In 2002, they did try to support a military
coup in Venezuela to overthrow the government.
That's the standard technique. But they had to back
off very quickly.
  There was a huge uproar in Latin America,
where democracy is taken more seriously than in
Washington, which had to back away and turn to
subversion. They are also losing the economic con-
trols.   The main economic stranglehold for Latin
America has been basically the offshoots of the
Treasury Department: the IMF [International Mon-
etary Fund],   and the World Bank. They have led
                    NOAM CHOMSKY


Latin America into economic disaster almost every-
where, and they're now being kicked out.
  Argentina, which was the poster child for the
IMF, had a terrible economic collapse following
IMF rules. They managed to recover, but only by
radically violating the rules. They are now, as Nestor

Kirchner, [Argentina's] president, says, ridding
themselves of the IMF, paying off the debt, with no
more contact with the IMF. They're being helped by
Venezuela, which bought up part of their debt.
Bolivia will probably do the same.           It's   been the
same IMF-World Bank catastrophe for the last
twenty-five years. And if the U.S. loses its economic
stranglehold over Latin America and can no longer
carry out military attacks   —which      is not so obvious,

incidentally; the U.S. is considerably increasing its
military forces there   — those economic controls
                          if

are gone, it almost certainly won't have anything
like the   degree of control      it's   had before. That
includes major resource producers, oil in particular.
Venezuela and Canada aren't going to drift very far.
But even if they do a little, if you add that to what
they might do in the Middle East,            it's   going to
change world affairs considerably.
   If the Asian   energy security grid expands and


                             43
                    —

                         Targeting Iran



if   —an even worse nightmare for Washington—                it

includes Iran as a sort of a lynchpin, possibly even
Shiite Iraq and Saudi Arabia, they're sooner or later
likely to diversify their financial reserves. They're

held in dollars. That's part of what's propping up
the U.S. economy. These countries have enormous
financial reserves, along with Japan, the biggest in
the world. If they diversify to other currencies,
which is probably going to come sooner or later,
that's going to be a major blow to the international

financial system. Nobody knows what would hap-
pen, but     it   would be significant. And, yes, the
threats against Iran, which are very serious      and
criminal, in fact


Why do you say that?

Take a look at the UN Charter. The threat of force is
ruled out   —the threat or use of         force. But the threat
alone is ruled out. We accept that, for example, if
somebody threatened us. It is official U.S. and
British policy that if there        is    any threat of force
against the U.S. and Britain       —                    —they
                                          threat, not act
can carry out anticipatory self-defense. They can
attack the country. That's what happened in Iraq. In



                              44
                       NOAM CHOMSKY


fact,   France just went along with that. President
Chirac said a couple of weeks ago that if any country
threatens France with weapons of mass destruction,
France is free to attack it. In fact, what he said is any
country that is considering the use of weapons of
mass destruction is subject to attack by France.
Commentators were polite enough not to point out
that what he was saying is that the French air force
ought to be dropping nuclear bombs on Paris,
because, as he announced, France is considering
the use of weapons of mass destruction and there-
fore should be a target of attack by French nuclear
forces. Put aside his little logical lapse. But that's an

expansion, a corollary to the British-U.S. position.
   And, yes, it's the typical imperial mentality. No
one can consider the use of force against us, cer-
tainly not threaten, obviously, not prepare for it.
That would be outlandish. But we can do it against
them. In fact, that's considered very righteous. The
people at the other end of the club don't necessarily
see it that way.


A report in late January 2006 in the Los Angeles
Times, titled "57% Back a Hit on Iran if Defiance Per-
sists, " shows   that support for military action against



                             4^
                       Targeting Iran



Iran has increased over the last year even though public
sentiment is running against the war in Iraq. Is that a
paradox?


No, it's not a paradox. In fact, there are figures and
polls that look like paradoxes. So, for example, take
Iraq. I've forgotten the exact numbers, but a fairly

large percentage, maybe two-thirds of the popula-
tion, thinks it would have been wrong to invade Iraq

if it had no weapons of mass destruction; and even

if it had an intention to do so, it would have been

wrong to invade. On the other hand, about half
thought it was right to invade Iraq even though the
fact that they had no weapons of mass destruction

had been officially conceded long before and the
public knows it. That looks like a direct contradic-
tion. But Steven Kull, the director of the institute

that runs the polls   —the Program on International
Policy Attitudes which is the major one  —pointed
out that it's not really a contradiction. People still
believe that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction,
even though it's been officially conceded that they
don't.

  What does that mean? He didn't go into it, but
what it means is that the government-media prop-


                            46
                       NOAM CHOMSKY


aganda campaign was extremely effective in instill-
ing fear. People think they're defending themselves.
Even if it's already been conceded that the threat
was not there, and maybe concocted, the fear still
remains. And it's the same with Iran. If you read
enough of those articles you cited, you will think
we're in mortal danger if Iran gets a nuclear
weapon. What danger are we in, even if Iran does
get a nuclear weapon? They're not going to use it
except as a deterrent. If there were even an indica-
tion that they were planning to use it, the country
would be vaporized. So it's there for a deterrent. But
people can be frightened by massive propaganda.
It's not a surprise.

  Take a classic example, Germany. Under the
Weimar Republic, Germany was the most civilized
country in the world, the leader in the sciences and
the arts. Within two or three years        it   had been
turned into a country of raving maniacs by exten-
sive propaganda   —which,    incidentally, was explicitly

borrowed from Anglo-American commercial prop-
aganda. And it worked. It frightened Germans.
They thought they were defending themselves
against the Jews, against the Bolsheviks. And you
know what happened next. It can be done. And it


                            47
                       Targeting Iran



was done to an extent in the U.S., as well, by very
effective propaganda.
  You're seeing it again today. So, for example, just
do a media search and find out how often it has
even been mentioned that when Iran began enrich-
ing uranium again, it was after the Europeans had
rejected their side of the bargain, namely, to pro-
vide firm guarantees    on security issues. That
means no guarantees that Iran will not be attacked,
which is no trivial matter. Of course, when one
partner to a bargain backs down, we expect the
other to back down in reaction. Ask if that has been
mentioned once in the media in the U.S. any-
where. It's not that the press doesn't know it. Of
course they know it. At least, if they read the inter-
national business press they know it. For example,
in mid- January [2006] there was a very good article
about it by Selig Harrison in the Financial Times,
the leading business paper of the world. You think
they didn't read it at the New York Times news desk
or editorial board? Sure they read it. But that's not
the kind of thing you report. I don't have the facili-
ties to   do a search, but I'd be willing to bet that
that's not even been mentioned in the mainstream

in the United States.



                            48
                                                          I




                     NOAM CHOMSKY


 Or that Iran is virtually surrounded by U.S. military
forces in Afghanistan, Iraq, Turkey, and the Persian
Gulf.


If that   were mentioned, which         it   may be, it's
because we're defending ourselves, just like Hitler
was defending himself against the Jews.


Has anyone ever done research on the real cost of oil to
the U.S. when you factor in Pentagon spending, the
ground troops, the naval and air bases in the Middle
East, and the stockpiles of WMDs [weapons of mass

destruction] and conventional weapons?



I   know of only one attempt to do it. It was by Alfred
Cavallo, an energy consultant.      He did a study    —
don't want to quote the figures from memory, but it
was something like, if you count in the military, it
amounts to a subsidy of 30 percent of the market
price of oil. But it's not the full story. Military spend-
ing and bases      may be costly to the American
taxpayer, but policy is not designed for the benefit
of the population, it's designed for the benefit of
power sectors. And for them it's useful to dominate
the world, by force if necessary. And also don't for-



                           49
                        Targeting Iran



get that Pentagon spending, though it's a cost to the
taxpayer, is profit for the corporations. It depends
what you think the country is. If you think the coun-
try is its population, yes, it's a big cost. If you think

the country is the people who own the country, no,
it's a gain.

   I   should say, the same is true of other things, like
a lot of concern about the         enormous U.S. trade
deficit.   How we are going to deal with it? Econo-
mists tear their hair out. It's a catastrophe. If you
assume that the U.S. consists of its people, yes,
there is a huge trade deficit. On the other hand, if
you assume that the U.S. consists of the people who
own the country, which is more reasonable, the
trade deficit goes way down. Then, for example, if
Dell is exporting computers from China to the
United States, it would be considered U.S. exports,
not U.S. imports. And it is from the point of view of
the Dell management. Then the trade deficit shoots
way down. You can read about that in the Wall Street
Journal.It's not a big secret. The business world

understands it. And they don't say it, of course, but
they act, and the New York Times acts, and the gov-
ernment acts, as if the country is the people who
own it. And that's not surprising. They're among


                             50
                                                      —
                      NOAM CHOMSKY


the people who own it, so why shouldn't they look
at it that way? Simply ask yourself     how many pages
are there in the press devoted to business affairs
and how many are devoted to labor? Most of the
people in the country are labor, not owners of stock.
The ownership of stock is very highly concentrated:
the top i percent owns maybe half of it, and most
people own essentially nothing. The stock market
and business affairs are huge issues. But labor
affairs doesn't even have a reporter covering it. That

expresses the      same comprehension of what the
country is.


Tariq Ali suggests that unchallenged U.S. military
power could lead to more aggression and war in order
to mask its economic weakness.



It's possible.   A predator— some lion on the march
can be dangerous, but a wounded one is much more
dangerous. Then        it   may act in ways which are
unpredictable. The          same is true in international
affairs. The Bush administration has turned the U.S.

into a monstrous attack instrument, but a wounded
one. And that's a very threatening state of affairs. In
fact,   the Bush administration is quite consciously



                                5i
                      Targeting Iran



increasing the threat of nuclear terror against the
United States. It's increasing the threat of general
terrorism in many, many ways. And it's conscious.
Not because they want it, but because it just doesn't
matter that much, it's a low priority.
  Take the invasion of Iraq. It was perfectly well
understood, and they learned from their own intel-
ligence agencies and others, that the attack was
likely to increase proliferation of weapons of mass

destruction for deterrence and to increase terror.
And so it did. In fact, it did so in unanticipated
ways.   It   was expected    that      it   would probably
increase terror, as in fact it did, but what about
weapons of mass destruction? You read that it was
discovered by the official U.S. investigations, the
Duelfer and Kay reports, that Iraq didn't have the
means to develop weapons of mass destruction.
That's not exactly correct. It did. They were there:
the ones that were provided to Saddam Hussein by
Britain, the U.S., and others, as long as he was obey-

ing orders. They were being dismantled but they
were still there, under guard by UN inspectors.
  The UN inspectors were kicked out. Rumsfeld,
Cheney, and the rest didn't think it was interesting
to tell their troops to guard the sites, so they were



                            $2
                    NOAM CHOMSKY


systematically looted.    The inspectors continued
their work by satellite, and they reported that over
one hundred sites had been systematically looted,
meaning not just somebody goes in and steals
something, but carefully looted. And they described
the equipment that was in them. It was high-preci-
sion machine tools and others that could be used to
develop missiles     and nuclear weapons,        lethal
biotoxins that could be used for biological weapons.
All that went   somewhere. That's expanding the
threat of weapons of mass destruction. We all hate
to guess where it went, but you can make a guess.

That's well beyond the threat to the United States
that was anticipated from the invasion of Iraq.
  I met a Jordanian journalist, who was part of a
Swedish journalists' program, who informed me that
he was at the Jordanian- Iraqi border through this
period. He said the border guards were reporting that
one out of every eight trucks that was coming from
Iraq into Jordan under the U.S. occupation was test-
ing positive for radioactive materials. There is a name
for this; in fact, Rumsfeld had a nice phrase for it:

Stuff happens. Stuff happens, and it's not that they're
trying to increase the threat to the United States. It's
just that it doesn't matter that much.



                           53
                       Targeting Iran



That can bewilder some people, because these are intel-
ligent, smart people, educated at the best universities.

Why would they pursue a policy that seems to threaten
their interests?



Depends what you think their priorities are. They
have two fundamental interests. You have to be will-
fully blind not to see it. The basic policies of the

administration are not obscure. To put it as simply
as possible, policy one is to stuff the pockets of your
rich friends with as many dollars as possible. Policy
two is to get into a position where you can shake
your fist at the world so that people will do what you
want them to do: intimidate the world by force. The
invasion of Iraq achieved those aims. Nobody at
Halliburton    is   complaining that they're going
broke. In fact, the same companies that provided
Iraq with the weapons are now being paid to do
what they call "reconstruct Iraq," which means to
rob the U.S. taxpayer blind. The amount of corrup-
tionand robbery under the occupation has just
been colossal. So they're making out fine.
   I   think everyone assumed that the invasion
would be a walkover. Iraq was completely defense-
less. They   knew it. They had already been bombing


                            S4
                       "




                           NOAM CHOMSKY


it   for a year.   We know that now, even if we did not
before.


"Spikes of activity.


Which they kept secret, because Blair and Bush
and the guys around them hate democracy so
much that they know you must not allow the pop-
ulation to know what you're doing. But they were
doing it. And we now know about it, some of it at
least.   And Iraq was defenseless. They should have
been able to walk in. It should have been one of
the easiest military occupations in history, but they
managed to turn it into a catastrophe. It looked as
though they would easily be able to control Iraq,
which means gaining control of the second-largest
hydrocarbon reserves in the world and signifi-
cantly increasing their domination of Middle East
oil   production. That would provide the U.S., as
Zbigniew Brzezinski put it, with "critical leverage"
over its major rivals, Europe and the Asian indus-
trial systems.

  Those are policies that go back to right after the
Second World War. As George Kennan said, we may
not need Middle East oil or even want it, but con-


                                ss
                          Targeting Iran



trolling it gives the U.S. "veto power" over others. If

you have your hand on the spigot, you can deter-
mine what they will do. We just saw an illustration
of this when Russia turned off the spigot to the
Ukraine, and Europe was facing an energy crisis.
Nobody expects the U.S. to do that, but just the
poised fist is a very good instrument of control. So
it's a rational policy.

     If it happens to be threatening to the American

population, it's not a priority. That's not who they're
working for. When they cut taxes for the rich, is that
for the benefit of the population? Read this morn-
ing's headlines. If they concealed the fact that the
levees had broken in New Orleans for two days, is
that in order to help the population? It's just not a
priority.



The new Bush budget includes big increases in spending
on the military and domestic security and cuts in social
programs.


It   just follows   from the two simple principles:
enrich your rich friends as                much as possible,
increase your power over the world, and somebody
else will take care of the rest. If you have to cut Med-



                               $6
                      NOAM CHOMSKY


icaid for the poor, well,          who cares about them?
There are almost 40 million people going hungry,
who don't have money to buy food. Does that mat-
ter? They're not influential, so who cares what

happens to them?


The owners of the economy and the managers of the
state   have children, grandchildren. Certainly in the
areas you're describing, of increasing military threats,
they're putting their own lives and the lives of their fam-

ilies in peril. Again, it doesn't seem logical.




Here you have to distinguish between people in
their human existence and their institutional role.
A corporate executive or an official in the Pentagon
may be the nicest guy in the world, takes care of his
children, plays with them, cares about them. But in
an institutional role he may act in such a way as to
endanger their lives. After all, they have legal obli-
gations.    For   corporate        executives,   their   legal
obligation is to maximize profit and market share.
They're not allowed to do anything else. It would, in
fact, be a violation of corporate law. That's their legal

obligation, part of the institutional role. And that
goes across the board.



                              57
                      Targeting Iran




  Just go back to the case I mentioned that took
place right here at MIT back in the 1970s, about pro-
viding Iran with the     means to develop nuclear
energy. The students were overwhelmingly opposed.
There was a referendum. The faculty approved it by
about the same margin. The faculty are just the stu-
dents of a couple years ago. So what happened in
between? Did they get smarter or something? No.
They shifted their institutional role. When you're a
student, you're relatively free. That's the freest time
of your life. You're out of parental control, more or
less; you don't have to worry about providing for a

family. You're free to think and act.   When you're a
faculty member, you're part of the institution. You
support institutional priorities. And the same people
who were students a couple years before took exactly
the opposite position from the students after they
had shifted the institutional role. That's very com-
mon. It doesn't mean that their personalities have
changed. It has nothing to do with that.
  That's why you find euphoria in business circles
over the election of a president whose policies
grossly oppose their own values. CEOs tend to have
what are called liberal values: they don't have any
objection to gay rights, they want abortion rights, so



                           58
                     NOAM CHOMSKY


on and so forth. On the so-called cultural issues,
they're kind of like college faculty.    On the other
hand, if you read the business press the day after
the [November 2004] election, there was euphoria
in boardrooms. Why? Because this government is
going to give a free run to business. And if it turns
out that that destroys the lives of our grandchildren,
well, it's not our institutional role to worry about
that. As a person I may, but not    when my task is to
maximize power and profit.

In early February 2006, the thirty -five-nation Board of
Governors of the UN's International Atomic Energy
Agency voted to refer Iran to the UN Security Council
over its nuclear program. There is a possibility of sanc-
tions being imposed on Iran.



There is not only a possibility. The U.S. has had
sanctions on Iran ever since they disobeyed orders.


Right, but in terms of UN-imposed sanctions a la Iraq.



They were called UN sanctions on Iraq, but that's
just propaganda. They were U.S. sanctions admin-
istered through the   UN because the UN is afraid to

                           59
                        Targeting Iran



stand up to the U.S. But everybody who has paid
attention knows there is virtually no support for
those sanctions outside of the U.S. and Britain.
They're called UN sanctions because then it sounds
as if somebody else is doing it. They were U.S. sanc-
tions which were devastating the society. And if the
UN, under the U.S. fist, passes some kind of sanc-
tions   [against Iran], which,           frankly,   I   think   is

questionable, they will be U.S. sanctions again.
   Do you know anybody else in the world aside from
the U.S. and Britain who is in favor of the sanctions?
The Europeans aren't. They want to invest in Iran.
                        —
They had to pull out they didn't have to, but they
did. Many corporations ended investment.                And they
explained why. You can read it in the Wall Street Jour-
nal. They said, in effect,   "We just don't want to offend
the U.S. It's too dangerous." International affairs is
very much like the Mafia. You don't offend the don.
It's dangerous. Especially if the        don is wounded. You
never know what he's going to do.


But Iran has a weapon to fight back with in terms of
putting the choke on its oil supply, and that would have
a deleterious effect on the global economy. It's the fourth-
largest producer of oil in the world.




                              60
                      NOAM CHOMSKY


I'm not sitting in meetings of Pentagon planners,
but I think the hawks would like that, because that
would give them an excuse to bomb Iran. It might
even give them an excuse to invade. If you look at
the geography, Iranian oil is concentrated in the
Gulf area, which happens to be substantially Arab
Shiite.   I'm no military expert, but I presume it's
within the military capacity of the U.S. to occupy
that area as well as to keep the shipping lanes open.
And if Iran tried to close them, and they might very
well try to do that, who knows what it would lead to?
Maybe we would blow Iran up and the world would
blow up. But it's not a high priority. Any more than
they care that they are compelling Russia and China
to sharply increase their offensive military forces
aimed at the U.S., to put their missiles on hair-trig-
ger alert, which strategic analysts just call an
accident waiting to happen. Not leftists, incidentally.
Former      senatorSam Nunn, a serious and
respectable conservative who has been in the lead
in efforts to cut back on the threat of nuclear war,
warned recently that we may be developing an
Armageddon of our own making. Maybe, but if
you're a White House planner, that doesn't matter
much. So, yes, if Iran did try to choke off the Strait


                           61
                          Targeting Iran



of Hormuz, Pentagon planners might take that as
an excuse to prove that we not only have to bomb
Iran and kill its people, but also occupy its oil-pro-
ducing areas.
    Something similar happened during the Iran-
Iraq war. U.S. support for Iraq was so strong that
the U.S. essentially patrolled the Gulf in Iraqi inter-
ests.   And just in order to make sure that Iran
understood it, a U.S. naval vessel shot down an
Iranian airliner, apparently in Iranian commercial
airspace, killing 290 people.              George Bush I was
then president and seems to have thought that was
fine.   He said something about how he would never
apologize for U.S. military actions. Iranians might
not have liked it, and may even remember it with-
out too much pleasure.


Not content with their success in Iraq, neocon stalwart
Bill Kristol in the Weekly Standard (July 24, 2006),

writes,   "We might consider countering this act of Iran-
ian aggression"    —   that's   what he calls the Lebanon
war  — "with a    military strike against Iranian nuclear
facilities.   Why wait? Does anyone think a nuclear Iran
can be contained? That the current regime will negoti-
ate in good faith? It would be easier to act sooner rather



                                62
                                    "




                      NOAM CHOMSKY


than later. Yes, there would be repercussions   —and   they
would he healthy ones, showing a strong America that
has rejected further appeasement.


As Kristol certainly knows, the shoe is on the other
foot. The Iranian government has been proposing

negotiations for years. We now know, and he
undoubtedly knows, that in 2003 the Khatami gov-
ernment, the moderate government, but with the
approval of the hard-line clerical rulers, offered to
negotiate all outstanding issues with the United
States.   That included nuclear issues.           It   also
included a two-state settlement for the Israel-Pales-
tine problem, which Iran officially supports. The
Bush administration didn't reject the negotiation
offer. It didn't even reply to it. Its response was to

censure the Swiss diplomat who brought the offer.
   It continues. It's   the U.S. that's refusing negoti-
ations. The big hoopla now is about how Condi Rice
has shifted policy, that now they're willing to nego-
tiate seriously.   That's not true. They're willing to
negotiate if Iran concedes the result of the negotia-
tions before the negotiations. So the negotiations
are conditional on Iran stopping uranium enrich-
ment, which it's legally entitled to do, which is


                             63
                      Targeting Iran



supposed to be the goal of negotiations. So, yes,
we'll negotiate if they first concede in advance. And

also with a gun pointed at their heads, because we
won't withdraw the threats. They made it very clear.
We continue the threats, which are a violation of the
UN Charter, of course, and they have to agree in
advance to what we want them to do, and then we'll
negotiate along with Europe. So, in other words, the
U.S. is still refusing to negotiate seriously.
  Iran's government is not a nice government, to
put it mildly. There are all kinds of hideous things
you can say about it. But the fact is, on this issue,
they're the ones who offered negotiations. They're
the ones who said that they would accept the two-
state   settlement     on        Israel-Palestine,   the
international consensus that we reject. In fact, it
goes beyond that. The issue of enriching uranium
to weapons grade is a very serious problem. The
fate of the species depends on it. If that continues,

we're not going to survive much longer. There are
proposals as to how to deal with it. The major one
comes from Mohamed ElBaradei, the head of the
International Atomic Energy Agency [IAEA] and
2005 Nobel Prize laureate, and highly respected.
His proposal, a couple of years ago, was that pro-


                            64
                     NOAM CHOMSKY


duction of weapons-grade fissile materials be under
international control and supervision, and anyone
who wants to apply for fissile materials can apply to
the IAEA for peaceful use. That's a very sensible
proposal. As far as I'm aware, there is only one
country in the world that's accepted it   —   Iran. Try to
find a reference to that somewhere. But they did
officially, through Ali Larijani, their   main negotia-
        known. So, again, plenty of criticisms. Iran
tor. It's

has a horrible and repressive government, undoubt-
edly. But in these domains its position is more

forthcoming than that of the United States. Do they
mean what they say? That we don't know, but we do
know how to find out: explore the possibility.
Refusal to do that suggests concern that they might
mean it seriously.

What are the prospects of a U.S. military attack on
Iran?


As for a strike against Iran, you can read the analy-
ses by people like Sam Gardiner, who runs war
games for the Pentagon. He's very muted, he can't
say things strongly, but it doesn't take much to
understand that he thinks it would be totally insane,


                          65
                        Targeting Iran



that the     consequences could be utterly unpre-
dictable. What the U.S. or Israel would probably do,

most military analysts believe, is not go after the
nuclear sites. For one thing, they don't know where
they are and they might miss them. They would
probably just do carpet bombing to try to destroy as
much as of the country as possible, except the
region near the Gulf. That's the area that they want
to preserve and maybe occupy.

    I   have no idea what's going on inside the govern-
ment, nor does anyone. Governments retain secrets
from their main enemies, and their main enemy is
the domestic population. If you look at the record of
declassified documents, what you find is, yes, there
is a concern for security,     primarily security of the
state against its domestic enemy. They don't want

people to know what they're up to. And now they're
not telling us what they're up to. But if I were sitting
in a Pentagon strategy office and given the ludi-
crous mission of developing a strategy, I know what
I   think I would do: try to support a secessionist
movement in the Arab area and then say, "Okay,
we're going to defend the secessionist movement
from the dictatorial government, and we'll bomb
the rest of the country to smithereens. We'll use



                             66
                       NOAM CHOMSKY


Henry Kissinger's orders. You have to go back to the
Nazi archives to find anything similar. When Nixon
told Kissinger that he wanted to bomb Cambodia,
Kissinger's orders to the military were, "Anything
that flies or anything that moves" in rural Cambo-
dia.   In other words, genocide.       He remains an
honored figure. It was particularly interesting to
watch the nonreaction to that when it was published
in the New York Times. And I presume that would
be the approach to the rest of Iran, if they can hold
on to the oil-producing areas.
   What this could lead to is just indescribable.
They would blow up everything in Iran; they could
blow up the whole region. One thing it would
almost certainly lead to is what the Lebanon war is
probably going to lead        to:   new generations of
jihadis —   bitter, angry, committed to revenge, hating

those who did this to the country. It's now conceded
openly that, yes, that was the effect of the Iraq war.
In fact, it was anticipated that that would be the
effect. Okay, it's   now conceded. It went well beyond
what was expected. I don't think that's necessarily
going to affect the planners, because they don't care
very much about terror. The domestic population is
not a high concern of theirs. There are other con-


                            67
                      Targeting Iran




cerns that are much higher. And if it leads to large-
scale terror, "stuff happens." So it's conceivable that
they might do it. I can't imagine that they would
simply launch an attack, but provocations and naval
deployments could easily lead to that.




                           68
           The Mullahs Face Off:
       Washington Versus Tehran
               ERVAND ABRAHAMAIN


Compare the crisis with Iran to Iraq.


If you've been following U.S. -Iran relations, it's

almost a rerun of the war with Iraq, with a similar
cast of characters, similar images of mushroom
clouds, similar language about Hitler, the axis of
evil, and pitfalls of appeasement.

  In one significant way, however, there is a differ-
ence. In the year 2000, a group of neoconservatives
who were determined to have war with Iraq came to
power in Washington. They then planned,
schemed, plotted, hyped up dangers, even forged
documents, and eventually got what they wanted,
which was war. One has to hand it to them, they
were one hundred percent successful. You can say
the operation was successful. The patient may have
died, the patient being more than 3,000 Americans



                          69
         The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran


and probably 150,000 Iraqis, but basically the neo-
conservatives got what they wanted, which was an
invasion and destruction of the Iraqi state.
   With Iran, the situation is very different. The
neoconservatives are no longer in the driver's seat.
However, as much as those who are still around
might want to get rid of the Islamic Republic, I
think they are rational and sensible enough to real-
ize that they're not in a position to invade and
occupy the country. So they're not even thinking
about a replay of Iraq. And this is quite openly
stated. The neocon group that's called the Commit-

tee on the Present Danger       —   this was the group that

masterminded the attack on Iraq         —more or         less dis-

banded after the invasion. But in the June of 2004,
they came to life again with a paper on Iran. They
openly stated that they weren't out to really invade
Iran. They didn't say why, but reading between the

lines you know why. They've given up the policy of
military confrontation and occupation. They actu-
ally talked of things such as negotiations, diplomacy,

the opening of an embassy, and all sorts of things
which they had earlier denounced people like Pow-
ellfor wanting. So there was a change in policy
from the neoconservative side.


                              70
                    ERVAND ABRAHAM IAN


Iran is a focal point of attention for the Bush adminis-
tration. It is one of the original members of the "axis of

evil. "   The war drums seem to he heating in ways that
are rhetorically similar to those that preceded the attack
on Iraq. Is Iran next?


I   would say the present crisis is not so much of a
group wanting war and planning it and therefore
getting it. The danger is actually something else.
The danger is a war coming from miscalculation,
misjudgment, and misperceptions.
   It's worth keeping in mind that most wars in the

modern age from 1870 to 2001 were only wars from
miscalculation, misconception, misjudgment, the
two exceptions probably being the Franco- Prussian
War of 1870 and the Iraqi War. One could even
make a case that World War II was due to misjudg-
ment rather than planning for the type of war that
was obtained. In the present situation, what we're
seeing on both sides, both in Washington and
Tehran, is a gross misjudgment, misperception,
miscalculation. And, of course, neither side, when
push comes to shove, is willing to back down. So
the danger is that both sides will escalate the crisis
and before you know it things could get out of hand.


                             ~i
           The Mullahs Face off. Washington versus Tehran



Both sides are playing brinkmanship, raising the
stakes, expecting the other side to blink, chicken
out, and consequently building themselves into a
situation where it would be a major loss of face,
which both the Occidentals and the Orientals are
very concerned about, and then actually triggering
off a crisis that would escalate into a major war
here.
  It   would be incremental movements toward war
rather than plans for war. The U.S. will go to the
UN and try and get a sanctions resolution, expect-
ing that if they acted tough the Iranians would back
down. But the Iranians would see this in the tradi-
tion of imperial ultimatums, which they're used to.
And in Iranian history, politicians who have given
in to ultimatums are usually seen as traitors. The
ones who have stood up against ultimatums are
seen as national heroes.
   In this particular case of nuclear energy, it's seen
as a crucial birthright of Iran to have a full nuclear
cycle.   What does that mean? I think the regime
intentionally leaves it vague.        A "full cycle" does not
necessarily mean industrial             mass production. It
could mean high grade for experimental and scien-
tific purposes without       mass production for weapon


                                72
                       ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


use. If Washington was interested, it could pursue
this issue and limit Iran to limited production for

civilian use. I suspect ElBaradei thinks along those

lines.     I   can't see Iran backing down on this issue.
So    if       the U.S. gives ultimatums, resulting in
increasingly harsh sanctions, they are basically
going to say, "We withdraw from the Nuclear Non-
Proliferation Treaty and will go full speed ahead
with our program." Then the U.S. would have to
decide what they're going to do. The U.S. wouldn't
be willing to lose face by backing down. The U.S.
then might be tempted to escalate by saying, "Well,
it will    have air strikes, but they will be limited and
they will not be targeting civilians. Maybe two or
four days of air strikes and that's it." And, of course,
the military could say it's doable. It's the job of the
military to always say it's doable. The U.S. would
think that is the end of it, and then Iran would have
no choice but to back down.
     But if Iranians are hit by air strikes, they will hit
back where they have the upper hand, which is in
Iraq and Afghanistan. They are obviously not going
to   attack the U.S., nor will they attack Israel,
although people have this paranoid view about that.
Iran's main strength is in Iraq and Afghanistan.



                               73
         The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran



The U.S. position in both countries is weak. Iran
could completely unravel it and make the quagmire
in Iraq even more of a nightmare. Moqtada al-
Sadr's Mahdi militia and other Iraqi Shia groups are
also very dependent on Iran. If there were a Shia
revolt in the south, this would really be death for the

United States. There is no way the U.S. could deal
with both the Sunni and the Shia revolts with
130,000 troops.
   We might even be facing a major military disas-
ter.The only way the U.S. could be able to prevent
that is to send an army of another 500,000 men.
And of course, to do that they would have to insti-
tute the draft. So down the line it would be a major
confrontation. I don't think anyone would now say,
"We're willing to do it," but the U.S. could quickly
be dragged into this type of incremental escalation.
   At the bottom of everything is the major, irrecon-
cilable conflict about the nuclear issue.            From the
Iranian point of view, Iran has the international
legal and moral right to have the whole processing

cycle. The Iranians always couple this right by stat-

ing they're not interested in nuclear weapons, that
they want it for civilian use, and it's their interna-
tional right to have the full nuclear cycle. And in



                              74
                  ERVAND ABRAHAM IAN


this they're correct. International agreements allow

every country to have that cycle, as long as they
don't develop the nuclear bomb.
   The U.S. position is that under no condition can
Iran be permitted to have the full nuclear cycle. In
the past there was American willingness to accept
Iran's having the full cycle if it didn't go ahead to the

full   military cycle, but this has     been changed
recently to the point that under no condition will
the U.S. permit Iran to have this nuclear cycle. So
you get an irreconcilable difference, something you
cannot compromise on.
  The U.S. has basically said that they're willing to
use all means available to prevent Iran from having
the full nuclear cycle. Iran's position is that they will
continue to develop this full cycle whatever the cost.
The imagery that's used in Iran is, "We are riding
in a big car, driving down a one-way road, and we're
going very fast. If something is in our way, it is
going to get hit." Similarly, in Washington the
notion is that the U.S. is going to do everything to
stop Iran having the full cycle, including, of course,
military strikes if necessary.
   Mohamed ElBaradei, head of the International
Atomic Energy Agency, and the Russians at one


                           75
            The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran


time suggested that Iran would be permitted to
have the full cycle but not to have enough highly
enriched uranium to produce bombs. There would
be highly intrusive monitoring, which may have
been possible for Iranians to accept. But for reasons
best known to Washington, it refused to go along
that way.


What are the origins of Iran's nuclear policy?

The program predates the Islamic Republic. It goes
back to the 1970s,           when the shah started the
nuclear projects. At that time it was fully supported
by the United States and Western Europe. It was
even public knowledge that once you have the full
nuclear cycle you can build a bomb. But there was
no real concern then, and the U.S. encouraged Iran
to begin its nuclear development. For a while after

the revolution, the new government actually put it
on a back burner.

Why is it now interested?

One major reason is national prestige. Iran feels
that to be a major power it must be on the cutting



                                 76
                   ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


edge of science. And the cutting edge of science is
nuclear technology. In fact, in the editorials and dis-
cussions within the Iranian press, you will find,
whether you support the government or not,
whether you're a conservative or a reformer, there is
general consensus that Iran has the right to have
nuclear technology.
   Another reason which is given, and in the West
it's   often pooh-poohed, is the question of energy.
The argument is, since Iran is such a big oil pro-
ducer, why does it need nuclear energy? Actually,
economists can make a fairly good case that even a
country like Iran needs energy for electricity
because Iran is now actually importing a great deal
of refined oil for energy. And since oil is a resource
that gets depleted, it's worth preserving for future
generations, when oil prices will be higher than
they are now. So there is some economic argument
for nuclear energy. And, of course, the U.S.       and
other countries are not really in a position to tell
other countries that nuclear energy is an expensive
way to go.
   I   think the most important reason for interest in
nuclear energy is not necessarily the nuclear bomb,
but the option of having it. The thinking of the pres-



                           77
              The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran


ent leadership in Iran          —people who went through
the Iran-Iraq war, fought in the trenches, and
whose formative experience in politics was that
    —
war [is that] the ability if ever in the same situation
to resort to the option of building a bomb becomes
very attractive. So even if Iran doesn't have it, [if] at
some point the country is put in a corner and needs
it for defensive reasons, it            has this choice.
   This is known in the nuclear business as the
Japanese option. It's actually a misnomer. There are
other countries in the world, approximately thirty,
that have the Japanese option. It means they have the
technology, the scientists, and the expertise to build it
if necessary.They have the ability to assemble a
bomb, but they don't build it. Let's say in the next few
months North Korea actually threatens Japan with
nuclear weapons. Then Japan could quickly assemble
a bomb and use it as a deterrent to North Korea.
Many countries have had this option for quite a
while. And the Iranian leadership is thinking they
would feel much more confident if they had this
option at some time in the future if they needed to.


Iran has great reserves of oil and natural gas. Neverthe-
less, it is   actually importing some petroleum products.



                                   7S
                    ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


This isn't new. It's mainly due to lack of refining
capacity and the spiraling demand for gasoline. The
Iranian refineries are not able to meet internal
demand. So we have the strange situation where
Iran produces a lot of crude oil but it also has to
import some refined oil. This situation has actually
been occurring internationally over the last ten to
fifteen years. There are many countries that have
just overlooked the need for refining capacity. You
find the same thing in the United States.


Is there   much internal debate on the issue of developing
nuclear energy?


Much of the country is unified on the nuclear issue;
the people believe that        it's   their right to have
nuclear energy. But on the reform-conservative side,
there are distinct differences. The conservatives take
a hard-line approach in terms of national security
by putting more money into defense and talking
tough with the United States. While the reformers,
like former president Khatami, talk about dialogue

of civilizations, building bridges with the West, and
negotiations.
   In fact, in an attempt to ease the conflict over the



                             79
         The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran


nuclear issue, the previous leadership was willing
to stop the nuclear process while they waited to get
some sort of deal with the West. But the result of
that was a U.S. "offer" that was actually sort of an
insult. There was no real offer. What the Iranians

wanted was for the U.S. to give up talking about
regime change and offer a package to lift sanctions
and permit European countries to invest in Iran.
Those sorts of things would have helped the
reformers to get their program through. By not
offering such inducements, the U.S. actually helped
the hard-liners, the conservatives. That's the main
reason why in the last presidential election the hard-
liners won.


What about dissidents in Iran? The best known is
Nobel Prize winner Shirin Ebadi, a distinguished
judge and lawyer. And there is the journalist Akbar
Ganji.


There is a lot of discontent with the way the govern-
ment functions and its silencing of the press. At one
time there was a vibrant press with over one hun-
dred newspapers. They acted as political parties in
Iran, but they were all eventually closed down by the



                              80
                 ERVAND ABRAHAM IAN


clerical judges. This has created a great deal of dis-

content.
  But a point to make here is, although these dis-
senters criticize the government, they do not want
to be identified with the Bush administration, U.S.

policy with Iran, or U.S. policy in the Middle East in
general. So whenever they criticize the government,
they also like to distance themselves from the Bush
administration. The main opposition figures   —both
in Iran and outside   —are not playing the same   role
as the Iraqi opposition played against Saddam Hus-
sein, where they actually worked very closely with
the Bush administration.


People like Ahmed Chalabi and Iyad Allawi.


There really are no such figures in the Iranian oppo-
sition. Although it was hardly mentioned in the

American press, the White House tried to invite
some Iranian opposition figures for a meeting with
Bush, and almost no one with any name was willing
to accept the invitation. Even the son of the former

shah found that he had a previous engagement. It
actually shows the lack of credibility of the Bush
administration, that even the die-hard opposition



                           81
         The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran



does not want to be tarnished by being associated
with it. The two leading human-rights activists in
Iran, Shirin Ebadi and Akbar Ganji, have made it
clear that they oppose the         Bush administration's
policies. In order not to be identified with Washing-

ton, they have been outspoken in their criticism of
the Bush administration.


Iran is a signatory to the Nuclear Non- Proliferation
Treaty (NPT), and under Article 4 of that treaty it has
an "inalienable right" to develop nuclear energy. Bush,
on March 2, 2006, signed an agreement with India,
which is not an NPT signatory, to essentially circum-
vent the treaty and legitimize India's nuclear weapons.


There is a lot of double-talk here, because the United
States was not against Iran having nuclear energy
even when it was clear in the days of the shah that he
was planning for a nuclear bomb. But it didn't matter
at that time, because Washington's position was that

Iran was led by good guys. Now that it's not, they're
in no way going to permit Iran to be anywhere near
the position where they can produce a bomb.
  And it's not actually inevitable that Iran would
necessarily go all the way to build a bomb. What I



                              82
                    ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


think they want, and many of the Council of For-
eign Relations people would agree, is to have the
option of having a bomb. It is not necessarily in
Iran's interest to have a bomb. To produce a bomb
in the normal circumstances would alienate neigh-
boring      countries, would strengthen the U.S.
position,    and in the long run would undermine
Iranian influence in the region.


J interviewed Siddharth Varadarajan, the deputy editor

of the Hindu, one of India's most prestigious English-
language dailies. There is a growing demand for energy
in India, and it wants to build a pipeline bringing Iran-

ian gas and oil through Pakistan to India. He told me
New Delhi has been under tremendous pressure from
the U.S. not to go through with that deal, in an effort
to isolate Iran economically.



Actually,    one of the rationales the U.S. gave for
sharing nuclear technology with India was that
India needed energy so it was going to get nuclear
energy. But it would have been much easier and
cheaper for Indians to get petroleum from the Mid-
dle East.




                           83
          The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran



How does the ig8o-88 war with Iraq influence
Tehran's thinking?


For the eight years Iran fought that war, the Iraqis
resorted to weapons of mass destruction             —chemical
warfare and gas. At that time Iran had no retaliatory
ability. They relied on the international community,

the UN, to pressure the Iraqis to stop using these
weapons, and the UN and the international com-
munity didn't lift a finger. About half a million men
were killed in the trenches, and the UN and the
international community did nothing about it.
  When      the    Iraqis    first    started      using these
weapons, the U.S. said that the Iranians were using
them, too. And then when the Iranian casualties
showed up in Europe for medical attention, they
became even more cynical. They said the Iranians
were using them on their own troops to discredit
the   Iraqis.   Then when           the   Iraqis   used these
weapons against the Kurds and the Halabja mas-
sacre happened [in March 1988], Washington
claimed that it was the Iranians that had used them
on the Kurds, not the Iraqis. The U.S. didn't come
around to blaming Saddam Hussein for the use of
poison gas until later. To be more precise, three days



                               84
                 ERVAND ABRAHAM IAN


after   Saddam Hussein became a bad guy and
invaded Kuwait in August 1990, suddenly the State
Department found conclusive evidence that Sad-
dam Hussein had used gas in Halabja years earlier
and had used lethal chemicals and mustard gas
against Iran. This was years after the fact.
   Then when the U.S. was talking about invading
Iraq in 2002-3, the whole story was again revived,
leaving out the part that these weapons had all actu-
ally come from western countries. And, of course,

when the term evil was used to refer to Saddam
Hussein because he had used chemical weapons on
his   own people, the Kurds, there was very little
mention of their use on Iranians.
   It's because of that experience that Iranian lead-

ers feel that if there is a war against them in the
future, they will not be able to rely on international
morality or international influence for protection.
They constantly say that they need to be independ-
ent and self-reliant, which basically means the
ability, if need be, to produce a weapon of deter-

rence if confronted by a similar situation.
  You could argue, then, that if they're really that
concerned about the nuclear option, why don't they
go full speed ahead and actually build the bomb


                          *s
                                                                 —
           The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran


quickly in order to have it now. Here again, you can
think of rational reasons why it doesn't make sense
for them to have a bomb in the near future. You can
actually see    it   in the discussions in the Iranian
newspapers. It's the only case I know of in interna-
tional    politics    where      a   country      has      actually
discussed the pros and cons of building a bomb.
Other countries developed the bomb secretly
including the        United States and Britain               —   for
obvious reasons, but in Iran there has actually been
a discussion whether this is a good road to go down
or not.
  You will find fairly conservative people from the
military arguing against having the nuclear option.
For instance, at one point the minister of defense
argued that it would not be in the interests of Iran
to have a bomb. And the reason he gave is this: if

Iran actually had a bomb, it would scare the hell out
of small Arab states in the near vicinity and they
would become more pro-American. This would
undermine Iranian influence and prestige in the
neighborhood, which is obviously something they
don't want to do and would not be in the best inter-
ests of Iranian national security.
  Another argument is that having a bomb is not


                                86
                  ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


much of a deterrent if the U.S. is in the game. So if
you're fighting a country such as Iraq or some other
neighboring country, the option of having a nuclear
bomb is worthwhile, but having a few bombs
against the U.S. is no real deterrent. Interestingly
enough, this is the main reason Saddam Hussein
gave up the bomb. Saddam Hussein's main nuclear
scientist was interviewed and asked,     Why did Sad-
dam Hussein not pursue it? He said, Saddam
Hussein basically told us, what's the point of having
a bomb if you're only going to fight the U.S.? What
are you going to do, drop a bomb on a U.S. base in
Kuwait? And then the U.S. will come and bomb
twenty cities in Iraq. So it's not really an equal situ-
ation where you can use it as a deterrent. And I'm
sure the Iranian military leaders think along the
same lines.
   So when Iran says they're not interested in the
bomb, I would not dismiss this as pure propaganda.
They would have good reasons not to be interested
in the bomb in the near future. Iran's supreme
leader and other clerics have said that the bomb is
un- Islamic and there is a fatwa from Khamenei that
they shouldn't build the bomb.




                           87
           The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran


Hundreds of thousands of Iranians were killed and
many more wounded in the war between Iran and Iraq.

It's   estimated that Iran lost about half a million
men fighting. The chemicals and mustard gas did
not cause most of the casualties. Most of the casual-
ties were in trench warfare, conventional fighting.

In fact, mustard gas turned out to be inefficient,
and often Saddam Hussein's troops suffered in
using the stuff because it's very unreliable.


What role does the 1979-80 hostage crisis play in U.S.
calculations? Is there some payback factor at work?


The hostage crisis plays a residual role in that some
American politicians would like to "get even." But I
don't think that it determines policy. After all, Rea-
gan and some of the neoconservatives were more
than eager to deal with Tehran during the Irangate
       The hostage crisis also remains in the
scandal.
memory of the American public and can be tapped
into by the administration if it chooses to do so. It is
like a tap that can be turned on or off. If the U.S.

goes for air strikes, we will see replays of the 1979-
80 television tapes of the hostage crisis. If not, they


                                88
                    ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


could be dismissed as ancient history. After all, the
United States often tells Iran to forget about the 1953
coup, on the grounds that it is all ancient history.
   For the neoconservatives, the disaster in the Mid-
dle East was the 1979 revolution. And they have not
hidden the fact that they really want to undo that
revolution, which means regime change. They want
to put the clock back to the good old days when the

government in Iran was very pro-American. That is
their underlying agenda. But I don't think the neo-
cons are so much in the driver's seat now.


Is the   memory of the 1953 coup that overthrew the dem-
ocratically     elected   government    of   Mohammed
Mossadegh a factor in Tehran's calculations?


Very much so. The CIA carried out the 1953 coup, and
therefore, anyone in Iran who is seen as close to the
U.S. is then also seen as part of a coup conspiracy.


Are there any alternative positions in the U.S. establish-
ment toward Iran?


There have been proposals made, especially from
the Council on Foreign Affairs in their journal For-



                             89
         The Mullahs Face off. Washington versus Tehran


eign Affairs [March/April 2005]. The article "Taking
on Tehran" was written by two experts on Iran, Ray
Takeyh and Kenneth Pollack. The latter, a former
Clinton official, was a strong advocate for the Iraq
war. They assert that if the U.S. provided the right
conditions, Iran could have been brought into nego-
tiations to give full proof, and that this would have

guaranteed that they would not develop a bomb.
They also spell out certain conditions to support the
moderates, who would then be able to guarantee
that there would not be the full nuclear process nec-
essary for making a bomb.
  But the U.S. has not followed those conditions
and has, in fact, knocked them down. Instead, the
U.S. position has been to up the ante and put pres-
sure on Iran. U.S. Ambassador to the               UN John R.
Bolton made the argument at the UN that Iran
would be given thirty days to respond to the mild
UN resolution about stopping its nuclear research.
Bolton says if Iran does not stop it, then it will go
into Chapter 7, which is a major resolution. If Iran
is then in violation of a major         UN resolution, the
ball starts rolling    down the       hill   and you have a
resemblance with the crisis in Iraq.
   Some of the rhetoric we've been hearing is that


                              90
                     ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


Iran is an expansionist power, Iran is a totalitarian
state, and that Iran is the mother of all terrorism.

Some of the neoconservatives have been [saying] for
quite some time that the U.S. is in the midst of
World War IV, World War III being the Cold War. In
this World War IV, the U.S.'s main antagonist is
Iran. People like Victor Hanson, whose work seems

to     be Cheney's main bedside reading, has been
arguing that Iran and the U.S. are in a mortal, life-
and-death struggle; one side has to win, the other
side has to lose. In this type of rhetoric, there is
obviously no room for negotiations.
     In fact, this type of rhetoric sabotages any type of
negotiations, because while the Council on Foreign
Relations and the more pragmatic conservatives in
Washington talk about negotiations and trying to
persuade Iranians to not go whole hog, one side is
talking about the destruction of the Islamic Repub-
lic.   And you really can't go into a negotiating room
with a gun, saying that you're going to shoot at the
                 The other side probably will come
first opportunity.

to the room with the same type of weapon, and
you're more likely to get a shoot-out than negotia-
tions. The U.S. also had this type of negotiating
with North Korea. Clinton was doing a fairly good


                            91
           The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran


job negotiating with North Korea, but the Republi-
cans argued that this was a sellout and that they
were never going to negotiate with the U.S.                —the
term they used was "a pygmy." Not surprisingly,
when Bush came into power, the North Koreans
pulled out of the Nuclear Non- Proliferation Treaty
and went ahead with their nuclear program. The
rhetoric itself can determine policy, speed up the
tempo, and lead to further escalation.


Iran's political structure is unusual in that there is a sec-

ular formation running parallel to a sectarian one.


The Iranian constitution is very complicated. Con-
doleezza Rice dismisses it as totalitarian. In fact, it
is   in many ways pluralistic. I would call it an oli-
garchical system where there are different centers
of power. There is no real concentration of over-
whelming power in one person or one institution.
The major reason for this complexity is due to
Khomeini and the authors of the constitution, who
tried, after the revolution, to merge two very differ-

ent philosophies of government. One was the
western philosophy of popular sovereignty and
democracy; the other was Khomeini's own version


                                92
                  ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


of clerical theocracy, which ultimately gave the
clergy the power to interpret religious law.
   Ultimately the question became: where does
                               —
power reside, in the people the sovereignty of the
         —
masses or in the religious experts? And the way
the constitution was designed was to bring in these
two incompatible philosophies. So there is a mix-
ture of popular sovereignty and clerical sovereignty
in the constitution.


What role does the supreme leader, Ayatollah All
Khamenei, play politically?


The president, as the head of the executive branch,
presides over the cabinet. But he is not a presiden-
tial   authority as in ordinary republics, because
ultimately the supreme leader can overrule the pres-
ident. The supreme leader makes many crucial
appointments, such as commanders in chief, heads
of radio and television networks, and the directors
of big religious foundations, which are very impor-
tant positions.   The supreme leader also has the
constitutional role of guiding   —the term   that is used
is guiding —the Islamic Republic, so he can overrule
the president on key issues, if necessary. When it



                          93
           The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran



comes to presidential elections, he can vet the can-
didates. So sovereignty here is split between the
president and the supreme leader but is mostly
enjoyed by the latter.
     The supreme leader is technically elected. He is
elected by something like an electoral college of
eighty-six people known as the Assembly of Experts,
who are in turn elected by the general electorate.
But it's not as if anyone can run for the Assembly
of Experts. You have to be vetted. Usually only cler-
ics run. It becomes like a college of cardinals: they

choose who is to be the supreme leader. Technically,
they can remove the supreme leader if they feel he
is   no longer able to carry out his functions. So even
the supreme leader here does not have ultimate or
absolute power. He can be removed.
     In short, one could describe the political system
in Iran as both republican and Islamic. It is repub-
lican in that most high officials are elected. But it is
also Islamic in that these high officials are supposed
to be subordinate to Islamic law, sharia, and clerics

decide what is in conformity with Islamic law.


Is there anything in     Shia doctrine that delineates this
singular political system in Iran?



                                94
                   ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


It's often said this   comes from Shiism. In fact, it's a
novel idea. It's Khomeini's theory of government.
He packaged it as very traditional Shiism, but in fact
it's very   much a break from Shia tradition. In the
past in Shiism, religious leaders had authority to
basically guide the people, but that didn't extend to
political guidance; it meant guidance in terms of

law. Often the religious leader's authority was guid-

ance over individuals         who were     incapable of
running their own affairs, such as orphans, the
mentally incapacitated, and widows. They were
basically put under the guidance of the mujtahids,
the religious leaders.
   But what Khomeini did was he politicized the
whole concept of what is called vilayat-e faqih, the
authority of the religious leaders. So in many ways
this is a twentieth-century invention; it's not deep-

rooted in Shia theory going back centuries.


Talk about Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.


Ahmadinejad is the president. He's elected by the
general electorate. He is a layman; previous presi-
dents have been clerics.          From 1997 until 2005,
while Iran was led by Khatami, a reformist moder-



                             95
            The Mullahs Face off: Washington versus Tehran


ate, there was a good chance of having rapproche-

ment with the U.S. The problems mainly came from
Washington. And now that there is a hard-liner in
the presidency in Iran, it's sort of a mirror image.
Ahmadinejad is not very different from Bush in
terms of style, rhetoric, and mentality. The only dif-
ference is he's more of a genuine populist. He
comes from the working class; he lives a modest life.
This is one of the cachets he has for getting votes.


What was the importance of Bush's naming Iran as an
"axis of evil" state, in his 2002 State of the               Union
address?


Bush's naming Iran as a member of the "axis of
evil" was a major blunder if the U.S. was at all con-

cerned with helping the democratic movement in
Iran.   The reformers in Iran, such as President
Khatami, were seen as favoring improved relations
with the United States. As soon as President Bush
denounced Iran as "evil" and started using threat-
ening language, the rug was pulled out from under
the reformers. Some reformers became vociferously
anti-U.S.    Some remained silent. Some withdrew
from active politics. This all helped in diminishing


                                 96
                  ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


the reform vote in the last presidential election and
thereby in bringing victory to Ahmadinejad.


And he defeated a cleric, All Akbar Hashemi Rafsan-
jani.



Yes,    and Rafsanjani was running as a moderate.
Besides Rafsanjani, in the first round of elections
there were other moderates who split the vote. They
were the     real heirs to the previous      president,
Khatami, who had twice won landslide victories.
But the huge reform electorate both eroded and
splintered. I would say the main reason for erosion
was the axis-of-evil speech, because that was a slap
in the face to the reformers. Many reformers in that
last election either stayed   home or felt that national
security was the most important issue and voted
with the hard-liners.


Have there been instances where the supreme leader has
overruled the president?


Khomeini often did that. In fact, he dismissed the
first president of Iran after the revolution, Abolhas-

san Bani-Sadr, because there was a direct clash


                           97
          The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran


between the two. Khomeini basically told the majlis
to take away his power. That's what they did, and
Bani-Sadr found himself in exile in Paris.


Why is the U.S. confronting Iran at this time?

Here you find both sides feel that they are in a good
position. Both sides feel overconfident. And this is
where a lot of the misjudgment comes. Both sides
feel that they can play chicken with the other side

because they have the trump card.


What advantages does the U.S. feel it has?

One thing is that in the last year the U.S. has been
able to get the Europeans on board. So it's not the
United States, or the neocons, against Iran; it's
Europe and the U.S. isolating Iran from the inter-
national community. This boosts Washington's
confidence. In addition to this, there is the Ameri-
can political foreign-policy elite, who are pretty
much united here. It's not just a neocon issue. Oth-
ers,   including Democrats, are fearful of Iran's
nuclear program. And there is potential of getting
people like liberal Democrats as gung ho about


                               98
                   ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


strong actions against Iran as are the usual suspects
in Washington.
      Another card that the U.S. feels it has is an
alliance with third-world countries such as India and

Brazil.   So in the voting at the UN over the nuclear
issue, you find that these other countries vote along

with the United States. This gives people like Bolton
the feeling that they are in a good position to pres-
sure Iran at the UN. In fact, whenever one of the
sides feels it has the upper hand, it feels unmoved
to negotiate because it thinks that the other side is

going to cave in. We now know that right after the
U.S. invaded Iraq and took Baghdad, the Iranians
were willing to negotiate. They sent offers to negoti-
ate    and Washington refused       to   pursue them,
probably because the U.S. felt that everything was
going their way in Iraq. Why should they negotiate
with those whom they were planning to target next?
      Another thing that gives the U.S. confidence is
itshuge military power. The $500 billion it spends
on the military gives the U.S. Air Force and Navy
the ability to strike at Iran, and Iran's military capa-
                     nothing in comparison. So
bilities are basically

Washington sees this as an important trump card,
which it can always use.


                           99
         The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran



What about the Iranian side?

Iranian leaders, including the president and the
supreme leader, feel that they have the upper hand.
They feel they have the U.S. where they want it.
Why? One major reason is that they have full confi-
dence over controlling their own society. They can
mobilize the public behind the flag on the nuclear
issue. They know that as soon as there is a military
strike on Iran, the public is going to rally around
them. People who even criticized the regime before
are going to basically pursue a policy of self-censor-
ship. Only crazy people are going to openly criticize
the regime at a time of national danger, being a
threat from the U.S. So nothing would rally the
public around the regime more than a military con-
frontation with the United States.
  Another misperception in Washington is that
somehow Iran is like Eastern Europe or Serbia, that
the regime can be overthrown through destabiliza-
tionand regime change. Some crazy people in
Washington have been running workshops in the
Persian Gulf trying to train Iranians on how to
demonstrate, as if the Iranians need someone to
teach them how to demonstrate. The idea that Iran



                             [OO
                   ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


is   somehow like Poland or Serbia or Ukraine is
bizarre. The whole history of the country and the
experience are so different.
     The U.S. Congress has recently given $85 million
to Iranian dissidents to destabilize the regime. All
this does is fuel the Iranian perception that the U.S.

is not really interested in negotiations; they're only

interested in the overthrow of the regime. But they're
not actually worried about the $85 million. For the
Iranians, that's seen as money down the rat hole.
Iranian emigres might take advantage of this, but it's
certainly not going to cause a problem in Iran.
   The main reason Iran now feels confident is Iraq.
Because of its quagmire in Iraq, the U.S. is now
caught up in the hands of Iran, whether it likes it or
not. The three main Iraqi Shiite groups are very
much dependent on Iran. Even the one that was
least dependent on Iran is becoming more allied
with Iran. So far, Iran has used its influence to help
stabilize the situation. Both the U.S. and Iran want

a stable government in Baghdad. Even though the
U.S. and Iran have different interests      on other
issues, where Iraq is concerned they are pursuing
similar goals. Without Iranian support, the U.S. sit-
uation in Iraq would have been much worse.


                          101
             The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran



     So the Iranians know that if there is a crisis with
the U.S., all they have to do is give a green light to
the Iraqis    —especially Sadr—who are itching               to

fight with the        United States. The Iranians don't
even have to supply Sadr with weapons. He has the
weapons. All they have to do is tell him, "We're no
longer restraining you. Do whatever you want."
     If you actually follow what's happening on the

ground in Iraq, you will see how precarious the U.S.
position is in Baghdad. Baghdad could be easily sur-
rounded, cut off. You're not talking about basically
an insurgency limited to the Sunni area. An insur-
gency in the Shia area would make the nightmarish
situation for the U.S. far more nightmarish.
     So these are the most important cards the Irani-
ans feel they have. But there is another one, which
is   often mentioned in the press here, the oil card.
Iranians have made it clear they're not going to use
the    oil   card,   mainly because they depend on
imports of oil and they need oil exports for their
income. Any type of escalation of the crisis is going
to lead to a major spike in oil prices. Prices are cur-

rently $60 a barrel. They could very well jump up
to $100 a barrel, which would probably be the right

price or a just price for oil, but I don't think the aver-



                                 102
                    ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


age American consumer would consider it just.
That's a factor to be taken into account as the
polemics increase.
  Since both sides have trump cards, what we're
seeing is both sides playing the game of chicken.
They are both trying to intimidate the other side to
back down and feeling that if the other side is
rational, they will figure that it's better to moderate

and back down, rather than go to the brink. The
trouble with this is that neither side seems capable
of backing down because of the positions they've
already taken, because of public image, and because
of their own internal constituencies. The U.S. atti-
tude has been that if it talks tough, the result will be
the Iranians coming to their senses and saying,
"Well, we don't want to be hit by this major power,
and therefore we will back down and give up the
policy of having the full cycle."


The Sadr you mentioned is Moqtada al-Sadr, son of a
respected Shia cleric. When he visited Iran he said that

if it were to be attacked hy the U.S., his militia would

fight against the   Americans in    Iraq.   U.S. hostility
toward Iran is nothing new. The 1979 revolution, which
overthrew the U.S. ally and satrap, the shah, was a



                           103
           The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran



major blow to U.S. power in the Middle East. Essen-
tially, there have been a   few moments of better relations.
The first was during the Iran-Contra affair, when
Robert McFarland, Reagan's national security adviser,
went to Tehran in 1986 with a cake for Khomeini, and
the second was during the attack on Afghanistan in

2001. Except for those two examples, it's been negative.
   What is Iran's relationship with the political parties
that are now dominating in Iraq, specifically the SCIRI
(Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq)
and the Dawa Party?


There are three Shia parties: those two you men-
tioned,  and there is Moqtada Sadr's militia, Jesh
al-Mahdi. The Dawa and SCIRI took shelter in Iran
when Saddam Hussein forced them out of Iraq.
They were given refuge and were helped financially
and militarily. In fact, SCIRI had quite a large mili-
tia in Iran, which fought with Iran against Saddam

Hussein.


That's the Badr brigade.


Yes, they are very closely tied to Iran. So when Sad-
dam Hussein's regime collapsed, Dawa and SCIRI

                               104
                 ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


were well placed to have influence in Baghdad. The
irony here is that the American occupation of Iraq
brings two groups that were pro- Iranian to power.
So Iran and the U.S. seem to be working on parallel
tracks here, because they're both supporting the
same people in Baghdad. The leaders of Dawa were,
until recently, on the wanted list by the FBI for try-
ing to blow up the American embassy in Kuwait. A
few years ago they were known as international ter-
rorists, and now they are accepted in the White
House as great leaders of the emerging democracy
in Iraq. You could say the U.S. reliance on Dawa
and SCIRI is very tenuous, because the U.S. knows
that these two organizations are much closer ideo-
logically to Iran than to the United States.

   The third group is led by Moqtada al-Sadr. Ironi-
cally, in the past he was the most critical of Iran. He

actually made some derogatory statements about
Iran and Iranians after Saddam Hussein fell. He felt
that people who had Iranian citizenship should not
be interfering in Iraqi politics. The reason for this
was that Iran was supporting Dawa and SCIRI. But
in the last year, Sadr has become more vociferous
and anti-American, and as the relations between
Iran and the U.S. deteriorate, Sadr is building



                          105
         The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran


bridges with Iran. He could very well be a major
threat to the U.S. if the U.S. carries out air strikes
against Iran. Iran would not even have to give a
green light to Sadr and other Shia groups; Iran
would just turn off the red light and basically let
nature run its course in Iraq. I think you would get
a major Shia revolt against the U.S., led by Sadr.


The senior clerical figure in Iraq is Ayatollah Sistani,
who is Iranian. What kind of relations does he have
with Tehran?


He was not involved in politics in the past, but he is
by default being dragged in because of the U.S.
invasion. During the whole revolutionary situation
in Iran, his name never appeared. He was separate
from all the political ayatollahs. His Iranian nation-
ality really   doesn't play a role in this. Sistani is
considered someone who is more of a scholar who
likes to act as   an adviser behind the scenes. He
doesn't want a clerical republic. This doesn't mean
that he opposes clerics having influence. Whatever
happens in Iraq, clerics, including himself, are
going to have a lot of influence. So if he tells people
to vote or not to vote, or tells them to come out into



                             [06
                       ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


the streets, he is acting as a political leader as well
as a clerical leader.


One term that's gaining some currency is the Shia cres-
cent. Explain what that is.


This fits into the narrative that Iran is a major threat
and that Iran is a Shia state capable of controlling
all   the Shias in the region.         Of course, there are
Shias in Iraq; there are Shias in Lebanon; there are
some Shias in Saudi Arabia, in Bahrain, in other
places     in    the   Gulf,   as    well   as   Pakistan   and
Afghanistan, but that does not mean that Iran is
going to export an anti- American, anti- Israeli revo-
lution through Shiism. Again, this presupposes that
Iran controls all these different Shia populations,
that there is an international Shia movement like
international communism. The various Shia groups
in Iraq also have their own interests, and they're not
beholden to Iran. They might receive help from
Iran when they need it, but they're not creatures of
Iran.

      It turns   out that when there was a minor Shia
revolt in 2003, when Sadr had his uprising, the sit-
uation in the Green Zone became so serious that


                               107
              The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran



[L.   Paul]   Bremer was even thinking of imposing
food rationing on American officials there. What
does that mean? If you have a huge U.S. army
there, they are dependent on supplies, and those
supply lines go through Shia regions. If the Shias
start an uprising, you're talking about a nightmar-

ish situation such as the Berlin Blockade, or maybe
even a situation such as a Dien Bien Phu. The
Shias have that capability, since most of the south-
ern areas and half of Baghdad are under Shia
control. The only reason Shia areas have been fairly
quiet since the invasion is because the British,
especially in the south, handed over local control
lock, stock, and barrel to Shia organizations. These

entities would be very susceptible to Iranian influ-

ence now. So I think the Iranian position is [that]
there is not much the U.S. can do on the nuclear
issue because if they do anything, Iran is in a posi-
tion to hit the U.S. really hard in Iraq.


Afghanistan and Pakistan are on Iran's eastern borders,
and in both there are insurgencies. In Pakistan there is
an uprising in its western province of Baluchistan, and
in Afghanistan the Taliban are resurgent.




                                  108
                  ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


The Kabul government was set up by the U.S. with
the help of Iran because of Iran's common interest
with the U.S. to get rid of the Taliban and al-Qaeda.
Without Iranian support behind the scenes to get
the warlords to cooperate with [Hamid] Karzai, the
Kabul government would never have been set up.
They exerted their influence, pressuring both the
warlords and the Northern Alliance to cooperate
and set up the Kabul government. So far the war-
lords are basically dealing with Karzai, but there are
plenty of warlords that are itching to go their own
way. One warlord, Gulbuddin Hekmatyar, who was
actually pro-Iranian, refused to go with the Iranian
advice. He went off to the mountains and is obvi-
ously causing problems there. Again, all they need
from Iran is a green light and the U.S. position in
Afghanistan could also unravel.
   I   think in Afghanistan, what Iran does in the
future very much depends on what the U.S. does in
Iran. If there is an escalation and war, Iran would

do in Afghanistan what it will do in Iraq, which is
make life miserable for the United States. So they
could easily give a green light to the warlords, arm
people like Hekmatyar, and the whole place would
unravel. The situation in Afghanistan is pretty des-



                         109
            The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran


perate. The Afghan government is really no more
than the mayorship of Kabul. If you go outside
Kabul, the central government has no authority at
all.   The warlords are in control.

And Pakistan?

I   can't speak in detail about Pakistan, but clearly in
the last elections, Islamicist groups won in two of
the four provinces. The central government has
probably lost more support since then. The deal
which Bush made with India hardly helps [Pakistani
president Pervez] Musharraf. So if things unravel
there, it would be much worse a situation for the
U.S. than Iran and its nuclear policy, because Pak-
istan already has nuclear weapons, and it wouldn't
be in anyone's interest for terrorist groups to have
those weapons.


Ahmadinejad threatened to wipe Israel off the map.
Why is he making those kinds of comments?

I   think it's reflective of his own way of thinking. The
right-wing conservatives in Iran, like the world over,
have a fairly narrow perspective of history. What


                                no
                   ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


Amadinejad would read in his newspapers, which
are right-wing newspapers, would be Holocaust
denial and anti- Jewish sentiment. So that's there.
  He harps on it because it's a way of bridging the
gap between Shiism and Sunnism and Iranism and
Arabism. Iran has always felt that it's peripheral to
Middle East politics. And with the Iraqi crisis in the
Arab world, Iran is ironically seen as cooperating
with the United States. From the U.S. perspective
this seems absurd, but from a Sunni perspective,
there is a government in Baghdad, it's Shia, it's pro-
Iranian, but it's also being supported by the United
States.   So the view is that there is some sort of
funny conspiracy going on here.
  I   think because both Iran and the U.S. have so
far have wanted a stable government in Baghdad;

they've ended up backing the same horses. By mak-
ing this pitch for Arab support on the issue of
Palestine and Israel, Amadinejad is saying to the
Arab world, "I am at the forefront of the struggle
against Zionism, and your Arab leaders are spine-
less. They don't speak for the Muslim world, but   we
speak for the Muslim world." It's a way of trying to
bridge that gap.




                          in
            The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran


Does this resonate among the general Iranian popula-
tion? Iran is a non-Arab country; it's not contiguous
geographically with Palestine.


I   don't think it resonates much in Iran, only among
the die-hards. But it resonates well on the Arab
street.   And    I   think that's where he's targeting.
Within Iran, especially among reformers, the idea
is that although they have sympathy for the                 Pales-
tinian cause, they feel they should support it rather
than get immersed in it. Khatami, the previous
president, said that they would support any decision
the Palestinians made. So if the Palestinians wanted
a two-state solution under Arafat, they were quite
happy to go along with it. Some conservative
diehards viewed that as a betrayal of sharia. How-
ever,     Khamenei has         said Iran      would agree       to

whatever the Palestinians decide.


What about Hamas?

The victory of Hamas gives the Iranian leadership
some leeway, because before they had no influence
with the PLO and Arafat. There was a great deal of
strain between them. Iran is much more in tune



                                 112
                  ERVAND ABRAHAM IAN


with Hamas. And if the Europeans and Americans
carry out their threats to cut off all aid, I wouldn't be
surprised if Iran steps in and shames all the Arab
countries by offering aid. This would be seen as a
major extension of Iranian influence in the region.


What are Iran's relations with Hezbollah in Lebanon?

They have been close. Iran helped Hezbollah get off
the ground after the Israelis occupied Lebanon in
1982. It has sent a lot of money and equipment. At
one time it used to train Hezbollah fighters. I don't
think this is still the case, but at one time Iran had
revolutionary guards in Lebanon helping Hezbollah.
There are also a great deal of family connections;
many of the      clerics   in     Iran have relatives in
Lebanon. This goes back to the sixteenth and seven-
teenth centuries. There is a long history of links
between the Shias in Lebanon and Shias in Iran.
     Having said that, one has to also stress that
Hezbollah is not an instrument of Iran. Hezbollah
is   very much an independent group.          Its   leaders
make their own decisions, and they're not really
beholden to Iran. Hezbollah has its own interest,
which is to preserve itself, and it doesn't take orders


                            113
           The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran


from anyone else, especially from Iran. They would
accept Iranian advice, they would accept Iranian
help, but in terms of orders, that's something that
would be unacceptable for Hezbollah. And I think
the Iranians are sophisticated enough not to think
in those terms.
     The recent crisis in Lebanon was seen as an
American victory, but the net result after all the dust
settled was that Hezbollah had increased its influ-
ence and its membership in the parliament and for
the first time got members in the cabinet. Because
the Syrians were forced out of Lebanon, Hezbollah
has become more dependent on Iran than it was
before. Before, it relied much more on Syria.


Is the connection that Tehran has with Hezbollah based

on theological grounds, or is there some geopolitical
component, as well?


I   think it is mostly its historical connections. Since
the revolution there have been strong ties. The idea
that Iran aspires to be a major power with inten-
tions of rebuilding the old Iranian empire from the
Mediterranean to India [comes from] the wild imag-
inations of people in Washington. Iranian leaders



                                114
                   ERVAND ABRAHAM IAN


are more down-to-earth. They realize Iran has lim-
ited power. It's really a    Gulf State power, not a
Mediterranean power. It doesn't have a reach to the
Mediterranean.
  And   I   think the idea that Iran could use Hezbol-
lah to threaten Israel is off the wall. They would
help Hezbollah in defending Lebanon and use
Hezbollah in terms of propaganda to support the
Palestinian cause, but in terms of a practical instru-
ment to threaten Israel, that's really not in the
cards. One major mistake the Israelis are making is
thinking that Hezbollah is so closely tied to Iran
that once the U.S. attacks Iran, Iran would automat-
ically use   Hezbollah against Israel. I don't think
that's in the works.



How has the Israeli attack on Lebanon changed the
equation?


Much has been said about Israel's war against
Lebanon in July and August 2006. I don't think it
has changed Iranian policy. The Iranian govern-
ment never placed much stress on Hezbollah as
deterrence on Israel, knowing well that the latter
had overwhelming firepower in the region. Iran's


                           115
                                                                 —

            The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran



main strength has been in Iraq and Afghanistan
not in Lebanon.
   This type of premise in Washington completely
ignores Iranian history. Iranian history for the last
150 years has been a history of having to struggle
with foreign imperialism. And in that history, the
imperial powers, particularly Britain, were con-
stantly    giving ultimatums to Iran.                In Iranian
history, Iranian politicians who submitted to ultima-

tums     are considered national traitors,                  and the
national leaders who refuse to submit are invariably
considered heroes. Even if they lost, they've been
considered heroes.
   So the present crisis in Iran is being seen as a
replay     of the      oil   nationalization         crisis    with
Mossadegh, and Iranians are drawing parallels to
Iran in 1951-53, when Iran wanted to be a self-suf-
ficient, self-respecting nation and have sovereignty

over its resources. The Americans and the British
offered these ultimatums: if you don't give up your
oil, we're going to destroy you.         And Mossadegh was
a hero; even though he didn't succeed, he stood up
for national rights.

   Iranians are seeing a similar thing, except now
it's   the question of nuclear technology. If you look



                                116
                                                    "




                     ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


back to the early twentieth century, a partial myth in
Iranian historiography is that Iran couldn't develop
railways because British and Russian imperialism
wouldn't allow it. Every time Iran wanted to build
railways, which was at that time the cutting edge of
technology, the imperial powers stepped in and
said, "No, you're not good enough, you're not devel-

oped enough to have railways." This now plays into
the question of nuclear technology, the argument
being that Iran really doesn't need it or Iran isn't
mature enough to have nuclear technology.


Ariel Sharon,     whom George Bush called a "man of
peace" when he was prime minister, urged the U.S. to
go after Iran "the day after Iraq is crushed. " Well, Iraq
is   a slight problem.


Some of the neocons felt that Iran was the real
enemy, not Saddam Hussein.


There was some line like "Real men go to Tehran.


I    think when Jay Garner, the first American procon-
sul, came back, Bush asked him, "Are you ready to

invade Iran?" And his response was, "I'd rather


                            117
               The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran


invade Cuba first." So these guys seem to have a
long list of countries they want to invade.


Is the    war talk from Washington serious?


In Washington there is a big debate at the moment
about whether the bellicose talk is serious or not.
The most benign interpretation you can give is that
this talk is a part of the bargaining process; if you

threaten the other side, they're more likely to listen
to you, but you're not actually planning to follow
through with your threats. The problem with this is,
once you start using the language, you eventually
become committed to it. If the other side doesn't
back down, the discourse then determines policy,
because then you can't turn around and say, "Well,
I   never really said those things. I didn't really mean
   If you don't act, you appear to be chickening out
it."

and then not behaving as a superpower, as a big,
macho power, which is important in Washington.
So, what you find is the language itself can lead the
policy.

       It's   often hard to take State Department or
administration officials seriously when they're in a
position of authority, because they're talking only



                                    118
                  ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


about what is official. Here I'd like to quote some-
thing that came out on April 6, 2006, from Wayne
White, a former State Department official. Here's a
man who spent his whole time actually doing intel-
ligence work for the State Department. He's no
longer there, so he's a free person. He says, "In
recent months I have grown increasingly concerned
that the administration has been giving thought to
a heavy dose of air strikes against Iran's nuclear sec-
tor without giving enough weight to the possible
ramifications of such action." Here is someone in
the know who is saying that they've been talking
about this, but now he's really concerned that the
talk could be serious and that the administration
really doesn't think beyond the strikes or about the

ramifications.
     So action against Iran is being packaged as lim-
ited air strikes with no so-called collateral damage.

Itwould be maybe two, three, four days. But after
four days it will basically be settled. The nuclear
installations will be destroyed, and the U.S. would
have achieved what it wanted. What isn't being cal-
culated is the retaliation from the other side. This is
typical imperial hubris, as if the other side doesn't
exist or doesn't have options it can take, as well.



                          119
          The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran


U.S. actions have their consequences, which are
usually forgotten or ignored. Similar to Iraq, very
few people are giving warning of consequences
once the U.S. has taken action. With Iraq, voices
opposing the war were relegated to the fringes of
the debate. Again, the danger is not seriously dis-
cussed. What are the consequences? Even if it was a
successful four-day surgical strike, even if the U.S.
was one hundred percent successful in removing
these installations, which will be very hard because
they are most likely hidden, nuclear material may
be dispersed, air strikes may not succeed, it may
even lead Iran to accelerate toward not just the
nuclear cycle but the full development of the bomb.
  The consequence, which is not openly discussed
but the U.S. military would quickly become very
aware of, is that Iran would retaliate. They're not
going to attack Israel over Lebanon. The Iranian posi-
tion is much weaker. They're not going to openly
challenge the U.S. Air Force or Navy in the Gulf. The
rational thing for Iran to do, if there are air strikes, is
basically do nothing but quietly give a green light to
the Iraqi Shias and the warlords in Afghanistan.
   And then, with an unraveling of the U.S. situa-
tion in those two countries, the U.S. will enter a
                   ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


full-blown war in the Middle East. Then we're faced
with the question, is the U.S. willing to send an
army of, let's say, a million soldiers to stabilize the
situation in those countries and institute a draft in
order to recruit and sustain that number of troops?
   So what we're seeing is a typical case of policy
makers making incremental decisions, thinking
that one decision is going to solve the problem.
The problem is that these decisions would escalate
things. And before you know it, we're going to be
in the midst of a major war, like with the Schlief-
fen Plan in 1914 or with Hitler's invasion of
Poland. The U.S. may be entering a type of war
that   was not originally planned. The neocons
wouldn't plan this, but it would be a gradual drift
into this type of situation.The other side is as
adamant as America is about what its rights and
interests are, and they're as unlikely to buckle
under as the people in Washington.


Neocon advocates for regime change in Iran say that
Azeris, Kurds, and Arabs, who constitute about 45 per-
cent of the country's population, are ripe for exploitation

and manipulation in fostering upheaval. What is the
likelihood of that happening?



                            121
          The Mullahs Face off Washington versus Tehran


The neoconservatives have introduced something
new in U.S. -Iran relations: the ethnic card. Ever
since 1941, when the U.S. got involved in Iranian
politics, it has supported the national integrity of

Iran and    its    central government.           By changing
course, the U.S. is fishing in troubled waters. There
is   some legitimate discontent among some of the
ethnic minorities, but it is not to the extent that
could unravel Iran. Many of the non- Persian com-
munities     are     well     integrated    —especially in
                    —
economic terms into the larger state. Many of
                                            —
them speak and write in Persian thanks to the
successful anti-illiteracy campaigns waged since the
revolution. Resorting to the ethnic card also puts off
the vast majority of Iranians. This partly explains
why the son of the shah did not accept an invitation
to the White House recently. He didn't want to be
there with nonentities who claimed to represent
persecuted ethnic minorities. Of course, in much of
the Middle East, people will see the U.S. resort to
the ethnic card as being in the long imperialist tra-
dition of divide and rule. After more than three
years of American occupation, Iraq has become a
nightmare due to communal violence               — something
that did not exist before. The U.S. is also using the



                              122
                   ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN


same tactic in Lebanon by claiming that Hezbollah
is not really Lebanese because it is Shia. The U.S. is

doing this throughout the region, focusing on
Sunni-Shia differences and claiming that there is
such a thing as a "Shia crescent" threatening not
only Israel and the U.S., but also the Sunni world.
Historians     of nineteenth-century      imperialism
would find these tactics familiar.

What would it take for a rapprochement between Iran
and the United States?


It   would have to be a full deal where the U.S. agrees
that they're not interested in regime change and
that they accept Iran as an important power in the
Gulf. They would have to lift sanctions, not prevent
other countries from investing in Iran, and Iran, in
return, would have to give some guarantees. I don't
mean verbal guarantees, but guarantees that its
nuclear program is not designed to produce nuclear
bombs.




                           123
             Culture and Resistance:
             Writing Back to Power
                     NAHID MOZAFFARI


Describe your work with PEN [poets, playwrights, essay-
ists,   editors, and novelists] American Center.



I'm a historian by training, but I have also studied
Iranian literature and know a number of poets and
writers. Since the early 1990s I've been working with

PEN on matters relating to writers and publishers in
Iran. Throughout those years, the government was

cracking down on writers, journalists, and intellectu-
alswho were at the forefront of the pressures for
change. I came across a lot of cases of writers who
were imprisoned, disappeared, or killed. Later we
found out that the serial murders were carried out by
security agents connected to the Iranian Ministry of
Information. So my focus became worrying about
what was happening to writers and intellectuals, as
well keeping up with literary production and trends.


                             125
           Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



     In 1999, PEN and Columbia University arranged
for some Iranian writers to visit New York.                We real-
ized that their American counterparts and readers
knew very little about the contemporary literary
scene in Iran. In a sense, [Iranian writers] are
treated as human-rights guinea pigs                  when they
come here. The Iranians appreciated the attention
to the difficulties they face, but they also wanted to

be known as writers. They wanted their work to be
considered as part of world literature, to be dis-
cussed and critiqued. PEN had a project called the
"threatened literatures series" at that time. That's
how this project of compiling and publishing
Strange Times, My Dear, an anthology of some of the
best fiction and poetry written in Iran since the
1979 revolution, was conceived. It was especially
important that this book would be accessible to the
general English-speaking reader and not only to
scholars and specialists.


Explain the title of your hook.


It   comes from a line from a poem, written shortly
after the revolution, called "In This Blind Alley," by

Ahmad Shamlu. He was one of the most revered lit-

                               126
                      NAHID MOZAFFARI


erary figures in modern Iranian history and a highly
regarded oppositional poet. Shamlu remained in
Iran from the revolution until his death in the sum-
mer of 2000 and continued to write                 despite
continuous harassment by the regime. My Ameri-
can friends are amazed when I tell them that tens
of thousands  — some say one hundred thousand
people   — showed up in tribute his funeral pro-
                                      for
cession in Tehran. Let me read part of the poem. (It
was translated by Ahmad Karimi-Hakkak.)


          They smell your breath lest you have said: I
             love you.

             They smell your heart:
             These are strange times, my dear.
          They flog love
          at the roadblock.

          Let's hide love in the larder.



          In this crooked blind alley, as the chill descends
          they feed fires
          with logs of song and poetry
          Hazard not a thought:
             These are strange times, my dear.




                              127
          Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



         The man who knocks at your door in the noon
            of the night
         has come to kill the light.
            Let's hide light in the larder.



         There, butchers are posted in passageways
         with bloody chopping blocks and cleavers:
            These are strange times, my dear.


         They chop smiles off lips,
         and songs off the mouth:
         Let's hide joy in the larder.



Shamlu builds the image of the gradually creeping
control of the religious factions over the revolution
by showing how song, poetry, and love itself had to
be hidden from the authorities. "Larder" symbolizes
a closed space.


Most westerners, if they have any knowledge of Iran-
ian literature, it's pretty much limited to the classical
Sufi poetry of Rumi        and perhaps Hafez. Who are
some of the major voices today that we should know
about?




                              128
                   NAHID MOZAFFARI


Among the older generation, there are still some
writers that were already well established before the
revolution. They have written poignantly about the
injustices of poverty, the displacement that accom-
panies massive social    flux,   the ambiguities and
uncertainties of political ideologies, and the brutali-
ties   of war. The prominent ones are       Mahmoud
Dowlatabadi; Hushang Golshiri, who died in 2000;
Esmail Fassih; Simin Daneshvar; and various others.
   After the Iranian revolution and the war with
Iraq (1980-88), a younger cohort began to emerge,
and women writers began to stand out in this
group. It's so striking to see work of women writers
figuring so prominently on the scene. The people
you should be aware of are Shahrnush Parsipur
and Moniru Ravanipur, both [of whom] write in
enchanting Iranian varieties of magical realism;
Goli Taraghi, a magnificent storyteller who depicts
some of the most tragic situations in contemporary
Iran with wit and humor; Zoya Pirzad, a highly tal-
ented writer whose stories and novels capture a
very complex and interesting picture of the sociol-
ogy of contemporary Iran, particularly the situation
of women; Ghazaleh Alizadeh, a great writer, who
unfortunately passed      away;    [and]   Farkhondeh


                          129
                                                             —
           Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



Hajizadeh, Farkhondeh Aghai, Fereshteh                     Sari,

Tahereh Alavi, Shiva Arastui, Sepideh Shamlu,
Soudabeh Ashrafi, Fereshteh Molavi, and many
more. These women are breaking the molds and
are experimenting with new genres and styles of
writing.
  Some of the remarkable male writers who have
gained fame after the revolution are Javad Mojabi,
Amir Hosein Cheheltan, Jafar Modares Sadeghi,
Shahriyar Mandanipour, Nassim Khaksar, Bijan
Najdi, Abutorab Khosravi, Hassan Sanapour, Reza
Farokhfal, Reza Daneshvar,               and Ghazi Rabihavi.
Both men and women              — separated them only
                                     I


because I wanted to stress the importance of a large
number of women entering the literary scene
write in styles that have been characterized as
magical realist, neorealist, and postmodern.
  Because of the contemporary move away from
social realism of the        1960s and 1970s, and also
because of the practice of censorship, you see peo-
ple beginning to tell personal stories based on real
lives; but these personal stories are also political. In

postrevolutionary Iranian literature, you see an
intersection between the personal and political in a
way you did not see before the revolution. Before


                               130
                     NAHID MOZAFFARI


the revolution the literature was very influenced by
political grand narratives and was at times some-

what didactic. After the revolution you see the same
kind of political awareness, but placed in more
interesting     personal    situations.   Writers   have
become more introspective in the choice of their
subjects and themes. Aspects of Iranian history, cul-
ture,     and tradition   are explored    and dissected,
perhaps to arrive at a critique of the present by seek-
ing clues in the past or in the culture or religion.
You also see the emergence of new genres and a lot
of experimentation with different styles. The sheer
volume of literary production exploded after the rev-
olution and particularly after the war. It was no
longer confined to the realm of a small, educated,
elite   group of writers and poets from the major
cities.   In contemporary Iran,    I   think writing has
moved from the private space of an elite group of
writers and readers to the public space.
   By the way, much of what I have said refers to
writers and poets writing in Persian in exile as well
as those writing in Iran. Writers and poets in exile
have been tremendously productive. In the work of
the first generation after the revolution, we witness
a certain level of nostalgia, but also attempts to seek



                             131
              Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



new ways of expression unconcerned with the kind
of censorship they had to worry about at home.
     So    far,   I   have only spoken about prose, but
much of what            I   said about the use of new genres
and experimentation applies                   to    contemporary
poetry, as well. The poetry editor for Strange Times
is   Dr.   Ahmad Karimi Hakkak. As he and other lit-
erary critics point out, contemporary poetry is also
less obviously political; it is introspective, image-
centered, and relevant at the                 same time. Poets
invoke new interpretations of the past, play with
memory, and experiment with new meanings for
traditional symbols. Given the rich classical poetic
tradition in our culture, there                is   a fiery debate
going on          among poets about what constitutes
"real" poetry. Many of those trained in the classical

tradition reject some of the abstract postmodern
styles  and experimentation with meaning that
younger poets engage in.
   One of the most important facts to note about
writers and poets in Iran is that they actually cannot
make their living as writers. Most of the people,
who have been producing some excellent novels,
stories, and poems, have two or three other jobs.

They also have to go through the rigorous censor-


                                   132
                    NAHID MOZAFFARI


ship system, which was a bit relaxed during the
presidency of Mohammad Khatami (1997-2005)
but   is   being tightened again since       Mahmoud
Ahmadinejad was elected president in June 2005.
So I think you really have to be committed to be a
writer or a poet in Iran, since it doesn't pay finan-
cially, you're often in trouble with one or the other

branch of the regime, and you have to go through a
complex bureaucracy of censorship.
   When was there, was trying to find out what a
            I          I


writer has to do from the minute he or she finishes
a manuscript to the moment that it comes out in
bookstores. There are about seven difficult stages
that they have to go through, and a publishing per-
mit can be rejected        at     each point. Books are
sometimes banned after one week on the shelf of
the bookstore, incurring financial losses for pub-
lishers as well as writers. So it requires remarkable
dedication to be a writer or a publisher in Iran.


Speaking of censorship, Abbas Kiarostami, a leading
filmmaker, said that he had difficulty including a cou-
plet from the classic Iranian poet     Omar Khayyam in
one of his films.




                            133
               Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



Sometimes you can't even try to figure out why. It's
partly luck. It depends on who you get as your cen-
sor. Some censors are more intelligent, or more
liberal, or more reformist. When you look in the

bookstores in Iran, you see quite a variety of books
on many different subjects. And occasionally, parts
of books that are published and available make you
wonder how they possibly got through. Aside from
the overall prohibitions on insulting Islam, the
clergy, or the leaders, some censors are more sensi-

tive to political matters, and others are strictly

religious and are looking for sexual connotations to
cross out.
   I   was speaking to a writer            —his name           is   Ghazi
Rabihavi       —who has a very interesting story which
he published in the magazine Index on Censorship.
Describing himself he says:


       Once upon a time an Iranian writer wrote a
       179-page-long novel. And, like every other
       Iranian writer, he presented it to the Min-
       istry   of Islamic Guidance to receive a
       publication permit. Then the writer waited.
       His book began with the following passage.
       "She knew that once her husband had


                                    134
              NAHID MOZAFFARI


brought her a cup of coffee, she would feel
better, like every other day. As she stood by

the window, the wind slid gently over her
brown arms, and her eyes were on the ris-
ing sun that was pulling itself up over the
government buildings. It was a sunrise that
was like a sunset." After 13 months spent
climbing up the slippery ladder of bureau-
cracy, the Iranian writer finally managed to

obtain an appointment with the director in
charge of censorship. The director was just
a head. His body was hidden behind the
desk and it seemed to be reclining gently
against something soft. The head delivered
the following speech to the writer. "Unfor-
tunately,   your   book      has   some   small
problems which cannot be corrected. I'm
certain you will agree with me. Take these
first few sentences.   Nowhere in our noble
culture will you find any woman who would
allow herself to stand waiting for her hus-
band to bring her a cup of coffee, okay?
Well, the next problem is the image of the
wind sliding over the naked arms, which is
provocative and has sexual overtones.



                       135
           Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



      Finally, nowhere in any noble culture will

      you find a sunrise that is like a sunset.
      Maybe it's a misprint. Here you are, then.
      Here's your book.        I   hope you will write
      another book soon. We support you, we
      support you." And the head slid back under
      the desk.


This quote gives you an idea of how a few sentences
can be interpreted by one censor. In fact, many
Iranian writers have had manuscripts rejected by
the censor and had to wait a year or so for another
chance to submit them so that perhaps another cen-
sor would look through them and maybe they
would get through.

Kiarostami also recounts that when he made a film
called The Wind Will Carry Us, which is still banned,

incidentally, he had a couple of verses by Forugh Far-

rokhzad. Who is she, and why is she important?


She is one of the finest female poets we have had in
the modern period. She unfortunately died in a car
accident in 1967 at the age of thirty-two. Her work
is   essentially feminist. In her poetry, she gives



                               136
                    NAHID MOZAFFARI


women a voice in terms of sensuality and desire, as
well as in terms of intellectual aspiration in poetry,
philosophy, and art. She was a modern woman. She
was divorced, had relationships with men, and lived
a very full intellectual and artistic life. So I think that
for the Islamist    regime she's the symbol of the
"wayward" woman, a model that they think nobody
else in the Islamic Republic should aspire to. Some
of her work cannot be published,              and    she's
regarded as very threatening to the way they would
like to depict women.



Talk about the oral tradition in Iran. Perhaps you can-
not find a hook of poetry by Farrokhzad but people
know her couplets and poems, and recite them.

Iwas talking with my nephew. He's in his twenties
and was brought up in the West. He went to Iran
and spent the summer of 2006 working there. He
was saying when he went to parties or talked to
young people his own age, he was impressed with
many things, including the number of poems that
they could recite by heart. This is part of Iranian tra-
dition, and it's also entrenched in the educational

system. We had to memorize two or three poems a



                            137
           Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



month in our Persian literature classes. Some of
them were quite long. Also, poetry crosses class
lines.   Because people are familiar with poetry
through education and the oral tradition, it is read
out loud on special occasions, memorized, recited,
and used as points of reference in daily lives. Poetry
is often cited in proverbs. So, yes, this oral and

poetic tradition is extremely vibrant in Iran. Even
political slogans often rhyme, and we have a strong

tradition of satirical poetry.


Is there   any kind of samizdat movement as in the
Soviet Union, where underground press publications
and newsletters circulated?


The situation in Iran is different from that of the old
Soviet Union in several important ways. In the
Soviet Union, the state and the party had a unified
policy against dissidents and intellectuals, who, in
turn, were pretty united amongst themselves, at
least in terms of their short-term goals for freedom

of thought and expression. In the Iranian case, there
were divisions and differing perspectives within
both the state and the opposition such that we did
not develop a samizdat-like underground press and



                                138
                   NAHID MOZAFFARI


communication system. We now have more of a
samizdat-like movement among the bloggers on the
Internet, and I will talk about them later. Let      me
explain about the writers and intellectuals first.
  After the war with Iraq, which ended in 1988,
Rafsanjani came to power, portraying himself as a
pragmatic Islamist. When he was president, there
was some relaxing of the total power of ideology on
everyday aspects of life.   He wasn't interested in
democracy, but in opening up the markets. In fact,
during his presidency, a lot of intellectuals who
were active in trying to organize a writers' organiza-
tion were targeted, killed, and otherwise silenced.
He wanted to loosen the strings a little in terms of
everyday life so that people could breathe and so
that business would flourish. What ensued was that
the people began to demand a freer press, more
variety of newspapers, more public discussion.
  And then we have Khatami, who was elected as
president rather unexpectedly in 1997.He was
elected because of his promises, not only of estab-
lishing a more open society where people wouldn't
be constantly afraid of the vice squads harassing
women and young people, or of religious police
bursting into houses and finding a bottle of wine or



                          139
           Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



a pack of cards, but the promise that the laws would
be changed to make basic citizens' rights more per-
manent and not totally dependent on the whim of
who happens to be in power.
   Khatami wanted to put a kinder, gentler face on
the Islamic Republic by concentrating on more free-
dom in civil society, a more relaxed implementation
of Islamist laws, more dialogue among different
groups in society. People, particularly women and
youth, voted for him overwhelmingly. And for a few
years there was some opening, the reformist press
began to thrive, and there was even some space for
secular intellectuals in publications relating to phi-
losophy, culture,       and the arts. As one blogger
referring to the Khatami years puts it, "We got con-
certs,   poetry readings, carefree chats in coffee
shops, and tight manteaus [the tunics women are
required to wear]. But is this all my generation
wanted?"
   However, Khatami was just one part of the lead-
ership. There were lots of organizations and leaders
within the Islamic regime, such as the judiciary and
the security forces, who were against this kind of
opening. They saw it as a weakening of the founda-
tion of Islamist rule. Consequently, there                 were


                               140
                                                         —
                         NAHID MOZAFFARI


many crackdowns on newspapers, journalists, writ-
ers,    and   artists.    The   internal   power   struggle,
between the different factions of the Islamic Repub-
lic,   and the harshness with which the conservative
institutions,    such as the judiciary, treated dissi-
dents,    and the lack of unity between dissidents
created a special situation whereby there was some
discussion and dialogue at the intellectual level, but
this dialogue did not translate into concrete changes

in law or state policies toward people who strayed
from the accepted ideology. Secular intellectuals
and dissidents benefited from the openings but did
not join the reformist movement or trust it because
of its essentially Islamist agenda. In the end, most
reformists were stifled, as well.
   The problem with intellectuals, writers, and artists
in Iran   —
         and this goes back over a hundred years
is that they do not have      an independent support base.
A lot of them, as    I   said, do not make their living from

their profession. Many of them are bureaucrats, or
teachers, and thus dependent on the state for their
survival. They can't afford to continually challenge the

government. Many of them have bravely done so;
some have lost their lives. But in order for a genuine
resistance movement to take root, you need organiza-



                                141
            Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



tion, which intellectuals and artists often lack. In fact,

there isn't consensus         among them about precise
political goals. While they agree that they don't want

an Islamic state or another form of dictatorship, there
is a lively debate and discussion about the shape of a

future state. This is an Iranian debate          — reaching a
                                                    in
consensus, they certainly don't want to turn to the
outside world, since support from the outside is never
quite disinterested. Historically, Iran has not had a
good experience with outsiders trying to control what
direction our politics and society should take.             We
were in a semicolonial situation, manipulated by
Britain and Russia throughout the nineteenth cen-
tury, and then in the twentieth century            we were stuck
in middle of the struggle between the Soviet Union
and the United States. Several democratic move-
                    —
ments in Iran the constitutional revolution of
1 906-11 and the democratic government of Prime

Minister Mossadegh in 1951-53, were either under-
mined or overthrown directly by outside intervention.
   There really isn't such an independent interna-
tional community today as there was then. The
realitynow is that whoever tries to help a movement
for democracy is doing so for their own self-interest.
I   think the people in the Middle East have very little



                                142
                    NAHID MOZAFFARI


faith in westerners trying to bring them democracy

at this point. They have a historical       memory and
know that western regimes, more often than not,
have backed dictators, and have undermined and
overthrown budding democratic movements. So the
intellectuals are sensitive to this. Let   me give you an
example.
  Akbar Ganji recently came to the West. He is the
journalist who was imprisoned for years because of
his participation in the Berlin conference in 2000,
where some of the reformist intellectuals and writ-
ers had come to discuss parliamentary democracy
in Iran. Upon their return, the conservative judici-
ary had them all arrested. Akbar Ganji had been an
Islamist, a member of Revolutionary Guard, and a
very committed follower of Khomeini.              But he
changed over the years and had come to the conclu-
sion that a theocratic state was not going to work,
that Islam is a very respectable religion but that it
had to be separated from politics, and that the rule
of the clerics was antidemocratic by nature.          He
wrote about all these things in his articles. And he
was arrested, and throughout the six years that he
was imprisoned, he resisted, went on many hunger
strikes, and never gave up his principles.



                           143
            Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



   In the West, Ganji won praise and awards for his
bravery in prison and for continuing to write about
democracy in Iran. Wherever he was traveling and
speaking, he made sure that every speech he made
contained the declaration that he was not going to
be accepting any money from any western govern-
ment, that he was not going to be meeting officially
with any government officials, especially those from
the Bush administration in the United States.
  Independence is a very important condition for
the success of any democratic and progressive
movement in Iran, because there is continuous sus-
picion that westerners are trying to influence
events.    The regime in Iran exploits this to the
fullest, because when someone makes a comment
that they don't like or when dissidents or secularists
speak, they are often accused of working for foreign
interests. They are accused of receiving money or
support from international organizations or outside
institutions. The regime is genuinely worried about

the "velvet revolution" phenomenon, and they use
the pretext to discredit internal dissidents this way.
So it's a very sensitive issue with intellectuals and
writers.




                                144
                    NAHID MOZAFFARI


In 200}, Zahra Kazemi, an Iranian-born Canadian
journalist, died while in state custody. Talk about her

case and its significance.


Zahra Kazemi' s death occurred at a time of intense
competition between the conservative judiciary and
intelligence agency and the reformist parliament
and president. She was arrested on June 23, 2003,
as she took photographs of the family members of
detained students demonstrating in front of Evin
Prison. She died nineteen days later, after being
severely beaten in custody. Initially, the government
insisted her death was accidental. After an outcry
from the reformists and the Canadian government,
Khatami ordered an investigation. But the multiple
investigations and the trial that ensued only
reflected the overriding power of the conservatives
in the judiciary and the powerlessness of the min-
isters in Khatami's government and the reformist

parliamentarians. It sounds Orwellian, but Saeed
Mortazavi, the prosecutor general who had closed
down scores of reformist newspapers and who had
been complicit in the torture and murder of many
prisoners, including Zahra Kazemi, was appointed
to lead an investigation into the causes of her death!



                             145
             Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



Subsequently, two intelligence agents                        who had
interrogated her were charged with her death, and
Shirin Ebadi represented the Kazemi family at the
trial.   None of the defense requests for witnesses
were granted, and eventually the agents were
acquitted by the judge. The trial was a sham.
   In my opinion, the conservatives made an exam-
ple of Zahra Kazemi for two main reasons. First, to
show the reformists that they commanded power
over the vital organs of government. Second, to dis-
suade journalists and human-rights advocates from
investigating the activities of the intelligence ministry
and the judiciary, particularly with respect to the
treatment of prisoners. Obviously what happened to
Zahra Kazemi does not bode well for journalists or
for Iranians abroad who return home for visits.                   It

shocked and frightened people and probably caused
many to steer clear of politics when they return.

It's                        Mohammad Khatami, who
       interesting to compare

was a cleric, elected twice as president, to Mahmoud
Ahmadinejad, the current president. He was the former
mayor of Tehran, obviously not a cleric, but seems to
espouse     more      Islamist     views     than     Mohammad
Khatami.


                                 146
                    NAHID MOZAFFARI


Ahmadinejad is quite an interesting phenomenon.
I think he represents the nonclerical conservative


faction. There is a sense among more educated
middle-class Iranians that a creeping coup d'etat by
nonclerical conservative Islamists connected to the
Revolutionary Guard and baseej paramilitary forces
is occurring.   The Guard and baseej formations were
involved in the Iran-Iraq war as young men, and
today many of them are in positions of power.
These forces constitute Ahmadinejad's core con-
stituency. They feel that they can be the new face of

conservative Islam in a more economically just and
efficient way than the clerics were. They address the

gap between the rich and the poor and the corrup-
tion among powerful clerics and their cronies, who
have enriched themselves.
  Khatami, on the other hand, is an unusual cleric.
He's highly educated, and        I    think he deeply
believes in the things that he says    —about the   dia-

logue of civilizations, the importance of the rule of
law, the blending of the positive aspects of Islam
with the positive aspects of the West, the mainte-
nance of cultural authenticity for Iran. But he was
more of an academic or a diplomat than politician.
And I don't think that he was willing to stick his




                          147
            Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



neck out to create any major turmoil to stand up
for his beliefs.


But ultimately in the political structure the rahbar, the
leader,   has ultimate power, and that is Ayatollah AH
Khamenei.


Yes. If you look at the power structure of the state,
it's   extremely difficult for any president to under-
mine the Council of Guardians, the Council of
Expediency, the judiciary, the Revolutionary Guard,
the baseej, the powerful foundations, and, of course,
the rahhar, or supreme leader. The clerics that are
still part of the old Islamist establishment that           came
to power after the revolution would like to maintain

their domination of the army, the judiciary, all the
militias, and the powerful, wealthy foundations. It's

extremely difficult to challenge this kind of power
structure, in which clerical power has been constitu-
tionally and legally locked in.
   But it's not impossible. Various dissident groups
have different ways of looking at how change is pos-
sible in Iran.     Discontent is pervasive among the
youth, women, workers, professionals, students,
and ethnic and tribal groups. But it hasn't been


                                148
                   NAHID MOZAFFARI


articulated in a unified, organized movement. Every
once in a while, expressions of discontent break out.
In 2006, workers from the bus transportation
union went on strike. Their leaders have been jailed
and their families punished. The principal leader,
Mohammad Reza Ossanlou, was subsequently
released, but due to its independence, the union is
heavily monitored by the regime.
  Teachers and university professors are periodi-
cally targeted.   In late 2006,      many secular and
reformist professors were forcibly "retired" or sim-
ply fired, after Ahmadinejad made clear that the
regime should eradicate the influence of secular
education from high school and university curric-
ula. Liberal Islamists (Nehzat-eAzadi), reformists of

various kinds who have broken from the regime,
secular social democrats, socialists, youth, many
women's groups     —   all   can be considered as dissi-
dents in search of ways to organize and unite. Many
say that resistance can be successful only through
mobilizing the population to support the separation
of state and religion through peaceful means and
civil disobedience. They believe that civil disobedi-

ence has worked successfully against formidably
powerful foes without too much violence in other


                              149
            Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



historical instances, and it can work in Iran. Some
say that changes should be attempted through elec-
tions,    through      repeated       efforts     to   get   more
reformists into parliament, in the presidency, and
in the other bodies that run the Islamic Republic,
and to change things gradually that way.
   One of the largest dissident groups in Iran is a
cluster of student organizations who believe in
change through grassroots organizing, demonstra-
tions, civil disobedience, and direct participation in

elections. The student movement showed itself to
be threatening enough to be crushed by the govern-
ment       1999. There were major student
          in
demonstrations in that year; several students were
killed and many were imprisoned.                  One of them,
Akbar Mohammadi, died recently in prison. His
family complained that he had been tortured and
beaten, and he had been on a hunger strike, as well.
Though the regime has reacted very harshly against
the students, they are resilient and patient. They
express their discontent whenever and wherever
possible.
   I   would say that many of the dissidents loosely fit
into the category we can call republicans, not in the
current American sense, but people who want a



                                ISO
                   NAHIDMOZAFFARI


new constitution for a secular, democratic state, the
freedom to establish political parties, free elections,
social justice.They don't want to go back to the
monarchy, and thus the term republican. But they
obviously want a secular state. They're not an organ-
ized group but a loose coalition of people with
support among educated professionals, the middle
class, and the lower middle class. As far as I know,

none of these groups believes in a violent overthrow
of the regime.
  This has very distinct historical reasons. I was
talking to a member of the student movement. He
was saying, "Look, every time we had a violent over-
throw of a regime, we had more bloodshed.
Violence breeds violence." His comments reflect a
widespread sense of fatigue with revolution and
war. People want to settle down and lead normal
lives. Even though they can disagree with their gov-

ernment, and they suffer under         it,   opting for
revolution without a clear vision of the future is not
something that any of the groups, except some of
the fringe ones, might want to do.
  Another point that almost all dissident groups
share is that they do not want interference by the
United States, or by any other power, in the affairs of


                          ISI
          Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



Iran. Presently, the U.S. is the power most inclined

to threaten invasion or interference in Iran. The U.S.

is occupying Iran's neighbors, Afghanistan                and Iraq.
U.S. naval armadas control the seas. U.S. satellites
and air force control the skies. The U.S. has bases all
over the Middle East. All of the dissidents agree that
outside interference or manipulation would be dis-
astrous, with the exception of some dissident groups
outside Iran, like the monarchists and the mojahed-
din-e khalq. The latter would like to see American

muscle overthrow the Islamic Republic and thereby
have a chance to take power for themselves.


And obviously the monarchists want the restoration of
the Pahlavi Dynasty? Where are they based?


They are concentrated in the Washington, D.C., area,
where the son of the former shah and some of the
older generals and the monarchist loyalists reside.
They are also in the Los Angeles area, where there is
the largest community of Iranians. I think the U.S.
Congress has given the monarchists substantial
financial support.They have a television station
based in Los Angeles that broadcasts to Iran. The
programming consists of music, soap operas, and


                              IS2
                    NAHID MOZAFFARI


stories about celebrities, as well as pro-monarchist

news and ideology. My impression is that the people
in Iran sometimes watch these programs for their
entertainment value but they don't take them very
seriously from a political point of view


Who are the oppositional figures active in Iran that you
think people should know about? You mentioned Akbar
Ganji.


Akbar Ganji is a very smart, interesting, and brave
man. However,       I   see   him as an example of a
reformed Islamist who has relatively recently dis-
covered the benefits of the separation of religion
and state. It's very interesting    —he   actually peppers
his speeches with quotes from Hegel, Kant,            and
even John Rawls. He says Iran needs to change, that
Iranians need to have a secular state with a free par-
liamentary system. He focuses on equal rights for
men and women, and he focuses on human rights
as a very important aspect of any future Iranian gov-
ernment.    He also talks about how we have to
establish   truth   and reconciliation committees
instead of using violence to resolve past injustices,
how we have to abolish the death penalty, and how,


                              153
           Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



under whatever government we adopt in the future,
we shouldn't repeat the cycle of death and revenge
that we've had before. What he says sounds very
reasonable.
  My problem with it is that he sounds like this is
the first time anyone is making such proposals in
Iran. And that's simply not the case. There were
progressive, leftist, social democratic, and demo-
cratic movements in various other times in Iranian

history, and since the revolution, that have made

similar proposals. I'm happy to say that after the
tough experiences of the revolution, of war, and of
the Islamic Republic, many people who are seeking
democracy in Iran are putting their finger on the
problem of violence in our politics and are saying,
"No, violence is not the answer."
  I   don't want to overemphasize the importance of
Ganji   —he   is one   among many. A number of expe-
rienced and politically savvy people in Iran are not
openly active in politics, as they have been impris-
oned or banned from teaching and public speaking.
They are soaking in the lessons of our recent history
and looking for innovative strategies of resistance
and desirable future forms of government. A prime
example is Abbas Amir-Entezam, who has been in


                               IS4
                         NAHID MOZAFFARI


prison for twenty-six years. Rather than seeking this
or that public personality as an answer to our polit-
ical   dilemma,      I   observe evidence of the silent
majority waiting for an opportunity to express itself
and of various groups in society attempting to find
peaceful, long-term road maps for change.
   For      example,      I   hugely   respect   groups   of
activists   —   journalists, lawyers, academics, poets,
writers, doctors    —who are      battling the political and
social problems steadfastly, stubbornly, patiently,
against all odds. Shirin Ebadi, and her activities in
defense of women's rights, children's rights, and
the rights of political prisoners, is the obvious exam-
ple.   Simin Behbahani, the brilliant contemporary
poet, is a prime example of political courage and
resilience to her admirers. Nasser Zarafshan is a
courageous lawyer who often defends writers and
intellectuals and is now in Evin Prison for doing his

job. But there are lots of others          —
                                  many of them
women —who are trying to change things gradually
through their participation in the NGOs [non-
governmental organizations], in civil society, and
within their professions, to challenge divorce laws,
custody rights, even things like insurance for single
women. They are working gradually to institute a


                                155
             Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



ban on polygamy,             to   institute     equal rights to
divorce, to institute laws for joint custody, to abolish
stoning as punishment, and to raise the minimum
age of marriage for girls. Initially the minimum age
of marriage for girls was nine years. Through the
efforts of brave individuals and women's groups,
they moved it to fifteen, and now they're trying to
move it to eighteen.
   So there is so much going on at the grassroots
level.    These are the people            I   respect most, the
activists   who work in many of the NGOs and chari-
ties,    working to battle the terrible drug problem
among the youth, working on environmental issues.
Iran has one of the worst cases of pollution in the
world. Tehran is just as bad as Mexico City, if not
worse. There are lots of groups working with issues
like earthquake and disaster relief, domestic abuse,

runaway girls, and homeless kids. The NGOs have
evolved as sites where secular people can be involved
in their society without being overtly political and
thereby getting into trouble. These activists are
working gradually to increase awareness, to organize
others, to try to motivate the youth.


Is it relatively easy for a   woman to get a divorce in Iran?


                                  156
                      NAHID MOZAFFARI


It'smuch easier for a man. The man can basically
get a divorce if and when he wants. A woman can
file   for a divorce if she has permission from her
husband(!) or if she can prove that her husband is
insane, addicted, or impotent. Domestic abuse is
increasingly being taken seriously as a just cause for
divorce.   A woman has to go before an Islamic judge
and try to argue her case, with or without the help
of a lawyer. One of the most difficult aspects of
applications for divorce is the question of child cus-
tody, which customarily goes to the     man after the
age of seven. But the laws are being challenged by
women all the time.

What about property rights?

Women can own, buy, or sell property. The inequal-
ities in the law are most blatant in terms of divorce,

inheritance, child custody, reproductive rights, and
travel restrictions   — women needs her husband's
                        a
permission to travel abroad. The situation in Iran is
very complex, though. Maybe some background will
clarify what I mean.

   Women were very active in the opposition move-
ments against the shah and in the revolution itself.


                            157
           Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



With the victory of the Islamist forces, in the first
years of the revolution, the ideal image of the "Mus-
lim woman" was the main basis of state legislation
and policy toward women. This meant the sharia, or
the body of Islamic law as interpreted by the Shia
clergy, was reimposed as the main basis of the law

of the land. (By the way, the sharia had always been
used in the regulation of marriage, divorce, custody,
etc., even at the time of the shah, but          some changes
had occurred that had modified the sharia and were
beneficial to women, including the Family Protec-
tion Law of the 1970s.) This meant the exclusion of
women from certain professions              —judgeships,    for
example (Shirin Ebadi lost her job)         —the imposition
of the Islamic dress code, and strict sharia rules in
the regulation of life, including divorce, inheritance,
child custody, and reproductive rights. Strict sharia
punishments were also imposed, such as stoning
for adultery (for both men and women). However,
women could still vote and still participate in the
political process, short of attaining high office.

  Then, in this complex situation, where women
were, at the      same time,          politically   present yet
socially   and legally excluded, the Iran-Iraq war
occurred. The war, as historically wars have done in



                                [58
                    NAHID MOZAFFARI


many   societies,   mobilized    women to become
involved in the economy and in the public sphere.
So now, the regime's propaganda that good Muslim
women should stay at home and take care of the
kids became irrelevant; their skills were needed to
maintain the economy in wartime. Large numbers
of women began to work in government offices,
banks, health care, and in various other tasks
behind the front, enhancing their economic posi-
tion in society. Unexpectedly, the war contributed to
certain legal changes that were beneficial to women,
as well. For example, when a husband was killed in
the war, according to Islamic law, the custody of the
children (and veteran benefits) would immediately
transfer to the husband's family, leaving the wife
without husband, child, or income. After many
complaints by the wives of the soldiers killed in the
war, the parliament finally passed a law in 1985
allowing mothers to keep the children and to collect
government benefits.
  After the war with Iraq ended in 1988, women
were needed more than ever to help in the recon-
struction of the country.    Women became more
officially accepted in   many of the professions they
had been discouraged from entering, including


                           159
          Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



law, medicine,and many technical areas. This
economic reintegration had its political conse-
quences   —more women candidates ran                  for office,
and were elected, not only in Tehran, but in the
provinces, as well. Several women even tried to run
for president but were struck down by the Council
of Guardians. In the fifth and sixth parliaments,
that is, between 1996 and 2005, various attempts
were made by women and men parliamentarians
of the reformist movement to change the laws
regarding divorce, rape, and marriage age. Now,
over 60 percent of university students are women,
and women graduates are more numerous than
men. Many are no longer in traditional women's
fields like education and nursing and are engi-

neers, scientists, physicists, and physicians. So the
consequences of these trends will continue to be
felt in the   economy and will put pressure on the
regime to change the laws.
  In short, the legal situation of women has been
difficult but not static; it has been evolving in the

public and private spheres. And throughout these
years, women have taken their specific grievances
to the courts, asking for reinterpretations of the
sharia to redress the injustices; consequently, the



                              160
                     NAHIDMOZAFFARI


courts and the legal domain have become the cen-
tral focus for   women in their demands for change.

Is there a women's movement in Iran?



Women began their formal struggle for legal equal-
ity   around the time of the Iranian constitutional
revolution one hundred years ago. And with various
advances, ups and downs, steps forward and back-
ward, this struggle continues today. Presently, the
women's movement consists of a loose coalition of
organizations and individuals. The composition of
the movement that has evolved from all these com-
plex experiences that I mentioned is quite diverse.
There are women who believe in an Islamic form of
government but believe in a different, flexible, more
woman-friendly interpretation of Islamic law. There
are those who are believers from a religious back-
ground but desire the separation of religion from
politics and the secularization of the legal system.

And of course, there are various configurations of
secular women. All fight the laws gradually through
the legal system and defy the laws when they can.
More recently, they have been holding open demon-
strations with specific demands. The majority are



                           161
          Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



professionals, students, and middle class. Young or
old, pious or secular, they frame their demands in

legal terms and basic women's -rights terms. They
want a ban on polygamy, equal rights to divorce for
men and women, joint custody or the possibility of
sole woman's custody, equal rights in marriage. In
addition, they want the minimum age for marriage
increased. They want the lifting of the remaining
restrictions on their professional choices and on
attaining high political office.
    mentioned that women have been recently
     I


holding open demonstrations. It is important to
mention that for the last two years, there have been
demonstrations and sit-ins to protest the injustices
towomen in the Iranian constitution. Article 20 of
the Iranian constitution states that men and women
"enjoy equal protection of the law ... in conformity
with Islamic criteria," and Article 21 ensures the
rights of women, again "in conformity with Islamic
criteria." The   women argue that effectively, "Islamic
criteria" or their interpretation           have resulted in
unjust laws for women and that therefore the con-
stitution must be changed. The organization and
publicity around these demonstrations shows the
existence of a large coalition of groups and individ-



                              162
                     NAHID MOZAFFARI


uals    from all over the country, including men.
Despite a great deal of internal and international
support, a demonstration in 2006 was brutally dis-
rupted just as the participants were assembling. A
new all-woman police force attacked and beat the
demonstrators with batons as the policemen looked
on. Seventy women and men were arrested. Even
before the demonstration, a number of women's-
rights and human-rights activists were summoned
before the courts. But this was the first time we've
seen the conservatives train a highly accomplished
female police force to attack women.


Why is that?

Since the election of Ahmadinejad, there have been
rumblings of crackdowns on personal and political
freedoms. The Islamist conservatives regard devel-
opments      in   civil    society     as   threatening   and
susceptible to foreign manipulation. Various con-
servatives    have        been    talking    publicly   about
this   —even the conservative paper Jomhuri Eslami
stated that most of the NGOs are run by secularists
and reformists, and that women's NGOs are acting
as agents of the West. They actually point to the col-



                                 163
          Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



lapse of the Soviet Union as a direct result of the
expansion of civil society, and they call the NGOs
and other cultural organizations entities that are not
in line with Islamist thinking.
  I think the general trend with Ahmadinejad has


been to try to Islamicize civil society wherever he
can. In other words, to create Islamist NGOs and to
choke the other NGOs out. When he presented his
budget to the parliament, there was very limited
funding for NGOs. Most of them are independent
anyway. But some that were involved in charities did
receive some help from the government, which he
cut. Instead, he gave more money to the mosques

and Islamic organizations. So they want to crack
down on non- Islamist groups by force female or    —
male police, the baseej, the Revolutionary Guard, the
vigilante groups   —by choking them             financially, or
by Islamicizing them. They've been trying all three
approaches on various NGOs.


What about reproductive rights?

Abortion is illegal, and contraception was initially
discouraged, as Iranians were told to go forth and
multiply by Ayatollah Khomeini. But with the sub-



                              164
                       NAHID MOZAFFARI


sequent population explosion and the ensuing eco-
nomic problems, the state changed its policies with
respect to contraception, which is now readily avail-
able and distributed in state clinics and hospitals.


These women's groups, do they take the form ofNGOs?


They take the form ofNGOs, as well as Web sites,
magazines, journals, cultural and educational asso-
ciations,   artists'   groups, student organizations,
professional organizations         —   for example, there is
an association of women publishers. There are
women bloggers. A number of the bloggers who
have been arrested in the              last   year have been
women. And there are various feminist Web sites
that are interesting to look at. Through this network
of formal and informal communications, the
women organize demonstrations and letter-writing
campaigns and engage in lobbying and pressuring
government officials.
  The interesting thing that I found out during the
summer of 2006 was that there seems to be quite
a large number of women who get elected and
become active in small-scale politics like neighbor-
hood councils, city councils, and school boards.


                             165
          Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



They organize very well, and they set specific goals
and they achieve them. It's amazing how they have
been able to achieve small victories and represent
and promote their points of view.


Talk about women and Islam and the issue of dress.


There is a lot happening underneath the surface.
The hejab, or Islamic cover, is all about interpreta-
tion. In the Koran and other sources of the sharia,

the requirement is that women be dressed with
modesty. Historically, each Muslim community has
interpreted this injunction differently and according
to their own local traditions. As the revolution was

occurring in Iran, some women put on scarves as a
sign of their association with the Islamist cause,
some as a symbol of resistance to the shah, and
many women didn't wear any cover at all. Then
Khomeini made the question of hejab a legal issue
after the revolution. At that time, nobody thought

that Islamic cover was going to be imposed by law,
and there was quite a bit of resistance to it. But they
made it a legal matter in the first stage of the revo-
lution, when the Islamist identity of the revolution
was a major priority for those who came to power.


                              166
                    NAHID MOZAFFARI


Historically, the control   of women's appearance,
bodies, skills, and place in society seems to be sym-
bolically   important for every   new regime that
assumes power. Once Islamic cover was legislated,
with the different stages of the Islamist rule came
different levels of compliance    and enforcement.
Now women show the spectrum of political/cultural
feelings about the regime by the way they wear their
hejab   —of course, within the framework of accept-
able styles that doesn't get them arrested.


How much hair could you show, if any?

It varies   how much hair you could show, or how
long your manteau or tunic can be. Technically,
thighs have to be covered, below the knee. In times
of tougher enforcement, the tunic had to be well
below the knee, and you could not show your feet,
you couldn't show nails with nail polish, you could-
n't wear sandals.  You had to wear long pants or
thick stockings, as well. No flesh was supposed to
show except for the face. And in the early part of the
revolution   —
             some of these are rumors, by the
    —
way but people were saying if you have beautiful
eyes, you have to wear glasses because beautiful



                          167
          Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



eyes would attract men. That never became law, but
you would see some of the very religious women
with gloves and dark glasses so you couldn't see
their eyes.
   For government workers, bureaucrats, and teach-
ers, there is a uniform head scarf, maghnaeh, and it

covers part of the forehead and it comes up to the
chin and falls so that only the round part of your
face is showing. That is actually easier, because it's
like a uniform, and you don't have to worry about

whether something that's not supposed to be show-
ing   becomes        exposed,       although         it's   quite
uncomfortable. So working women, like, nurses,
bureaucrats, teachers, all of them have to wear that
in their place of work. It's when you're going shop-
ping or going out to the restaurant that you can play
around with what kind of hejab you wear. You have
the whole spectrum among women in Iran today.
There are fully covered women, and then there are
women with tight jeans, a tight tunic above the
knees, high heels, makeup, and a small scarf on
their head with lots of hair showing.


What's the difference between hejab and chador?




                              168
                     NAHID MOZAFFARI


Hejab means "cover," basically, so it could come in
many different forms. Chador is just one of the
forms. That's the loose, long, traditional piece of
cloth that some Iranian women wear. You don't
see those in Arab countries, certainly not in
Afghanistan, because their hejab is much more
substantial.


There it's the burqa.


The chador is a loose, long piece of cloth. It's open
in the front, and you can wrap it around when you
need to, and unwrap it and move your hands freely
when not in the presence of men who are strangers.
                      —
And some chadors I remember my grandmother
had some party chadors that were like see-through
lace, beautiful, hand-embroidered. It wasn't really

covering anything.         It   was a part of a woman's
clothes, traditionally.


Are there any legal challenges to these dress codes?


This   is   interesting.   When       I   was looking at the
demands of the most radical students in the univer-
sities who want a secular state, their demands




                                169
           Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



included equality of rights between                    men and
women, but none of them mention the hejab. And
this is because they think that contesting the hejab

is a divisive factor.   If you argue with them, they say

that they're afraid that the conservatives will pick on
them if they openly advocate the removal of hejab,
because that could be used as the loosening-of-
women paradigm. That is to say, all who want
political and legal change will be framed as people

who want to abuse your daughters, who want to
open up society to corruption and take Iran back to
the old miniskirt days of the shah's time. So every-
one who is advocating for change within Iran has
not yet touched the hejab issue. The women don't
refer to it openly in their demands, but I think it is
definitely implied in the other legal demands.


Do you think it's an important issue?

Very much so. In fact, I had a debate with a student
about this. I said, "When you're advocating the legal
equality of men    and women, how can you not
specifically address the issue of freedom of cloth-
ing? How can you not resist the law that hejab is
compulsory?" He said, "Our position on the legal


                               170
                   NAHID MOZAFFARI


equality of men and women includes the freedom
of choice for clothing. It's implicit that hejah would
not be compulsory. But we don't want to give this
weapon to the conservatives." He said that the
majority of people in Iran are not fanatics but they
are believers, especially when you get out of the
cities and go into the smaller towns and the coun-

tryside. I think this is true: to them, there is a sense

of tradition involved in the hejab. And if it is to be
changed, it has to be changed gradually, and with-
out the interference of the government.
   Iwas in France in 2005-6 and was involved in
                                       —
some debates about I'affaire du voile "the affair of
the veil." They have a law that you cannot wear
Islamic cover in public schools or government build-
ings. If you're a Muslim girl and want to go to a
public school, within the parameters of the school
you have to take off your veil. They based this law on
the argument of lalcite   — secularism—as a funda-
mental principle of the French state. In other words,
manifesting difference of religion by wearing a
headscarf or a big cross or a yarmulke   —   creates dif-
ferences   among the students and could lead to
discrimination. Anything that ostensibly shows your
religion is prohibited.



                           171
           Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



  We were having discussions about this, and was               I


saying that in my opinion the state should have
nothing to do with what people wear or not wear,
because once you legislate clothing, then it could go
either way. And Iran is the best example. Reza
Shah, the father of Mohammad Reza Shah, who
was overthrown in 1979, criminalized the veil, so
you had soldiers taking off veils from women's
heads by force in the 1930s. It created a lot of dis-
comfort and cultural confusion. Reza Shah believed
that in order for Iran to become modern, women
had to look more like western women, so while
women could not wear veils, they could wear west-
ern-style hats.     There are many photographs of
women from that period, many looking awkward
and uncomfortable, with traditional long dresses
and western hats propped up on their heads. They
look like strange products of a social-engineering
experiment.      Apparently,         some women               totally

refused to go outdoors without their scarves or
chadors.
  Then gradually, within two or three generations,
people got used to not wearing the                    veil.    Also,
Mohammad Reza Shah relaxed that law, so by the
1950s women could wear their preferred form of


                               172
                   NAHID MOZAFFARI


hejab if they wished or go without head cover alto-
gether. Then during this regime it was legislated
that   women have to wear (certain state/clergy-
endorsed forms of) hejab. There has been and is a
lot of resistance to that, as well. In   my opinion, the
dissidents haven't brought this up because it's a
very divisive issue; in a sense it will have to follow
other, more fundamental changes such as the sepa-

ration of religion and state in Iran. I'm sure that as
we advance toward    a more secular state, the
women's groups will make this demand. We're not
there yet.


You mentioned bloggers encountering difficulties with
the state. Is Internet use widespread in the country?



I   think Persian is the fourth-most-prominent blog-
ger language in the world. This           community of
bloggers grew over a relatively short period of time.
The story is that an Iranian journalist, Hossein Der-
akhshan, moved to Canada and wrote an easy guide
to blogging in Persian. Thousands began to write
on blogs, and the number grew every day, because
for a while, it was a safe way to express opinions
from the personal to the political in a society where


                           173
            Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



self-expression is highly dangerous. There's a fine
book on the topic, We Are Iran, by Nasrin Alavi. She
has compiled a collection from the writing of the
64,000 or so bloggers writing in Persian. The blog-
                                      —
gers write about everything from the difficulties
of growing up as a young person in Iran, to prob-
lems of love, marriage, drugs, hejab, prejudice,
patriarchy in its various forms, cinema, art, politics,
elections, natural disasters,             human rights. The
blogs present an interesting portrait of the energy,
the promise, the contradictions and tragedies of
contemporary Iran.
  The government first clamped down on the blog-
gers in 2003, when they arrested a journalist, Sina
Motallebi, who wrote for a popular weblog. That
was just the beginning; many others were subse-
quently arrested, including women, imprisoned,
and forced into sordid confessions. As a result of
this policy toward the Internet and blogging, a lot of

bloggers have gone underground.
   I was told by one young person that when Iranian


technicians and young mathematicians they're            —
smart and often get prizes in international competi-
tions   —are censored, they figure out ways                 to bypass

government controls to access the Web.


                                174
                   NAHID MOZAFFARI


  It's   like the reformist press    movement of the
1990s. If one newspaper got a little too daring in its
critique and was closed down, a few journalists or
the editor would go to jail for a few months. Then
they would come out and the editor's uncle or
brother-in-law would apply for another permit, and
they would start another newspaper under another
name. There were so many newspapers that went
through different life cycles that way. Iranians are
very persistent.
  The Internet is not only an important source of
information for Iranians, but also a source of enter-
tainment and a way to connect to the outside world.
The youth are educated and energetic. There is high
unemployment and a limited number of entertain-
ment choices. During the Khatami period, Iranian
rock bands were given permits to perform, and con-
certs attracted thousands of spectators.      But since
Ahmadinejad was elected, no band received a per-
mit to give a concert. I read in a Web site that when
one rock band   —which   is     sort of cooperative with
the government in the sense that in every concert
they sing a song that has religious overtones    —was
given a permit to have a concert, 20,000 young peo-
ple bought tickets. They didn't have a venue large



                          175
           Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



enough to accommodate everybody who wanted to
attend. And whatever entertainment they do have is
being curtailed by Ahmadinejad right now. So I
think they are extremely persistent with the Internet
because that's one way they've been able to over-
come obstacles.

What's the rap scene like?


It's   mostly youthful self-expression, and unlike
some of its forms in the U.S., it's not misogynist.
It's interesting,   a few years ago, you would see slo-
gans on buildings written by operatives of the
regime saying that if you rap, you are a corrupt imi-
tator of the West, or something like that. They tried
to depict young people with any interest in western

music, including rap, as traitors and good-for-
nothings.    Now even the baseej have a rap song
(called "Amadeh Bash," or "We Are Prepared"), the

lyrics of which, in effect, tell the United States that

if they attack Iran, everyone is prepared to fight and

resist them. The development and success of Per-

sian rock music and rap have been instances where
the government gave in to young people.




                               176
                   NAHID MOZAFFARI


But it's being repressed now under Ahmadinejad?


They're beginning to. No permit has been granted
for a rock concert in Tehran except for the one in
mid-2006 that I just mentioned. Initially,
Ahmadinejad did not want to portray himself as
somebody who was going to clamp down on social
freedoms. He played his cards well. He promised
people a lot of economic benefits and more justice
in the distribution of wealth. And then he began this
whole nuclear discourse. In this case he rallied a lot
of nationalist feeling around him. But there was a
plan to curtail the social freedoms, to transform the
whole structure of civil society as it had developed
over the last decade. Therefore, we see the clamp-
downs on the bloggers, on the women's groups, on
various reformists like [Ali-Akbar] Moussavi Khoini,
who has been in prison since June 2006, and intel-
lectuals like Ramin Jahanbegloo, who was released
from prison in the fall of 2006.
  The thing that interested me most was the crack-
down on university professors. This was going on
throughout the summer of 2006. They were forc-
ing a lot of the secular and nonconservative Islamist
university professors into retirement. And then in



                         177
            Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



early fall, Ahmadinejad gave a speech, saying that
for 150 years our entire educational                 system had
been run by secular people who do not respect our
traditions and our religion,            and now we have to
change that. In a sense he's advocating that stu-
dents tell on their professors if they're not Islamist
enough. It's a second cultural revolution, unfortu-
nately, if they actually go through with it.



You spend time in Europe and speak French and Ital-
ian.     How do the media in Europe report on Iran
compared to the media in the United States?


There is more consistent and informed reporting
on the entire Middle East, with more of a historical
perspective. And there is more choice of different
newspapers with a variety of perspectives available
for the general reader. I find this is true in France,
Italy,   and in Britain, though in Britain some com-
mercialization of the press has diminished the
diversity of views, but it still exists.           When some-
thing happens in the world, I find that when it is
reported in the U.S. there is very little historical per-
spective. I don't mean that you have to report it with
a fifty-page background to it. But someone who is



                                178
                     NAHID MOZAFFARI


writing or reporting an event who knows nothing or
very little about the area sees it in a different way
from someone who has read a few books and
knows something about the history.
   The Lebanon war is a case in point. It's depicted
as Israel defending itself and trying to gain the
release of its captured soldiers. If you look at it only
within that context, you say, "They're right." But if
you look at it in a slightly longer perspective than
that day or that week, you see that these abductions
have been going on by both sides for years in order
to negotiate prisoner releases and, in fact, that the

general picture is quite a bit more complicated than
that little drawing that you get from the journalist
who doesn't have the historical perspective.
   I   see this as the biggest problem with the Amer-
ican press.    Its   coverage of the Middle East     is

portrayed as "objective" and "fair" and "balanced,"
but in fact it is very biased and ideologically driven,
and there isn't enough variety of perspectives. In
Europe there are so many different political parties,
as well as newspapers, with wide points of view that
you have many interpretations and analyses of
events, and you can make up your mind as an
informed reader.


                           179
           Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



There has been a spate of books by Iranian-born writers
writing in English, nonaction as well as fiction. The
most famous and popular has been Azar Nafisi's Read-
ing Lolita in Tehran. There             is   Marjane       Satrapi's

Persepolis and Azadeh Moaveni's Lipstick Jihad.
What is your assessment of this literature?

I   think the more written about Iran from different
points of view, the better. It's interesting that the
genre that receives attention, like Reading Lolita in
Tehran, Lipstick Jihad, and Persepolis, is the memoir.
I've thought about it.      How come the memoir? I've
been involved in trying to get Iranian fiction, espe-
cially   Iranian novels, published by mainstream
publishers for years, and nobody wants to touch it.
They say, "Who is going to read an Iranian novel?"
or "Who cares? Foreign names, a different reality.
Why should we publish it? It won't sell." But the
memoir has been picked up by big publishing
houses, and they have sold well. So I happen to
think that if a good Iranian novel is picked up by a
good publishing firm, it would sell, as well, as have
translated novels from Latin America, from China,
from all over the world.




                               180
                                                     —
                  NAHID MOZAFFARI


Naguib Mahfouz of Egypt.


And Orhan Pamuk of Turkey. But the memoir in
the Iranian context has a particular political compo-
nent. First, because Iran has been so politicized,
there is a stereotypical image of the country in the
mind of most Americans. The ubiquitous television
footage showing crowds chanting "Death to Amer-
ica," the black-turbaned, bearded clerics.

  The poor political relations between the two
         and its simplistic portrayal, have pro-
countries,
duced a uniform, one-dimensional view of that
culture. So in a sense it's easier for the American
public to digest the reality of one person at a time.
Azar Nafisi wrote about her experience in the early
years of the revolution through her own perspective.
And I'm glad, actually, that that experience was bal-
anced by books like Persepolis or even Lipstick Jihad.
   But on another, more difficult political level, I
think some works that can also be interpreted as
Iran bashing, that can fit into the category of, "Oh,
how liberating Nabokov or Austen is for them"
tend to gain more success.        It's   that kind   of
essentializing the Other that also has something to
do with the success of some of these works. I'm


                         181
          Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



referring to Nafisi's Reading Lolita in Tehran. I don't
know whether she meant to portray it this way or
not. She's a very smart, knowledgeable woman.
And life was indeed difficult for women at that time
in the many ways she eloquently describes. But the
fact is that the publication of this book coincided

with the time that Iran was designated as part of the
"axis of evil." In that context, to read about what
horrible things had been done in Iran to women
assumed a different current meaning. It fit well
with the axis-of-evil paradigm. And the interesting
thing is that the book was referring to the years just
after the revolution; it wasn't portraying the current

situation of Iran. On the whole, it ended up affirm-
ing the stereotypes rather than challenging them, I
think, and that was one of the reasons why it suc-
ceeded as much as it did in terms of sales and
popularity.
  The political use made of it after its publication
is remarkable.    Conservative think tanks discussed
and promoted it vigorously. But I wouldn't put
Satrapi's Persepolis in the same category. I think her
book is a masterful portrayal of the incredible com-
plexity of life after the revolution. Horror and
humor are beautifully combined to convey the


                              182
                     NAHID MOZAFFARI


depth of the tragedies that occurred. And Moaveni's
Lipstick Jihad is an interesting portrayal of how a

person with two cultures, with dreams of returning
home, can go there and actually live through the dif-
ficulties and become more mature in the love or

critique of her two cultures. I found her book to be
a captivating portrayal of the similarities and differ-
ences between the children of the revolution who
grew up in Iran and those who grew up abroad.
     On the whole,   I   think it's a good thing that a lot
of books are being published on Iran. My reserva-
tion is that the choice of books that are presented to
the general public isn't representative enough and
is colored by commercial or political concerns.



Why has cinema developed so much in the post-Islamic-
revolution period?



I   think that it was one of the ways in which artists
and filmmakers could express themselves creatively
and get around the censor at the same time. They
were very creative in doing this. I remember a dis-
cussion at an Iranian film festival that I attended at
Lincoln Center. Someone brought up the fact that
the stricter Islamist censorship had somehow chal-



                              183
           Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



lenged the artists to become more creative in the
use of images and symbolism. They created new
categories and a new visual language to bypass the
censor. We had talented Iranian filmmakers even
before the revolution, and we had very promising
young students in film schools. The quality of the
films produced after the revolution was due to the
conjuncture of extremely good talent and an urge to
be creative within great financial and political
restraints. The third factor I would add is that we
have a physically beautiful country; rich visual, writ-
ten, and oral traditions; a terribly complex social
and political culture      —   all   good elements for the
inspiration of artists.
  There is an interesting discussion within Iran
about the success of Iranian films abroad. Many
people joke that Kiarostami or [Mohsen] Makhmal-
baf, for   example,      make artsy films for foreign
consumption. Many more films are made in Iran
every year for the domestic market, and they draw
large audiences within the country. Most of them
deal with concrete problems of everyday people.
Addiction, for example. We have one of the highest
rates of heroin addiction among the youth now.             A
lot of the films are about women's issues.




                               184
                      NAHID MOZAFFARI


Of those major names that are known in the West,
we've   discussed   Kiarostami;   you just     mentioned
Makhmalbaf. Other outstanding directors are Jafar
Panahi and Majid Majidi. Are there any prominent
women?

Rakhshan Bani-Etemad is the most accomplished.
She makes documentaries as well as features, and
her work has very strong social content, addressing
poverty and women's issues. Then there is Pouran
Derkhshandeh, who also works with documentary
and features; Tahmineh Milani, who was actually
arrested for making the film the Hidden Half (about
left-wing students during the time of the shah who
are suppressed at the time of the Islamic Republic);
Samira     Makhmalbaf,       Mohsen     Makhmalbafs
daughter (she made the film The Apple when she
was     seventeen);     Maryam     Shahriar;    Marzieh
Meshkini. All are extremely talented, brave women
who address sensitive subjects, many having to do
with the problems of women. I have to add that
though he is a man, I consider Jafar Panahi to be
one of the most feminist filmmakers we have. His
films The Circle and most recently Ojfside were bril-
liant portrayals    of the daily pressures on women


                            185
           Culture and Resistance: Writing Back to Power



and the complex and resilient ways they resist and
prevail.

   While we are on the subject of entertainment, I
must mention the phenomenon of football, or soc-
cer. It is possibly the activity that raises the most

passion in Iran. There is an immense love of the
game among men and women, young and old. It
arouses national pride in the international sense,
but soccer games are also used as a pretext for polit-
ical   expression and an arena for battling for
women's rights. After the football riots of 2001,
when people turned out in massive numbers to cel-
ebrate their team's victory and security forces
attacked the crowds, the regime has retreated and
allowed celebrations to go on. In June 2005, at the
time of a very important game with Bahrain, one
hundred women blocked the main entrance to
Azadi Stadium in Tehran, protesting the law that
does not allow women into stadiums. Some of them
were let in after much pushing and shouting of slo-
gans. But the law has not changed, and many
women dress up as men to enter the stadium to see
games. I would highly recommend the Jafar Panahi
film Offside. It's about a few determined girls who
dress up as boys to enter the stadium and how the



                               186
                  NAHID MOZAFFARI


different elements of the security forces deal with
them. Whether motivated by political design or his
own love of the game, even Ahmadinejad tried to
waive the ban on women's presence in stadiums in
April 2006, but he was overridden by the supreme
leader and senior clerics, who said women should
not see men in shorts running around, as it may
arouse inappropriate sexual feelings. The members
of the Campaign to Defend Women's Rights to
Enter Sports Stadiums will not give up, however,
and will persist to pressure the authorities in every
peaceful way possible.
   The fact remains that in today's Iran, everything
can and almost does intersect with politics. The dis-
course of human rights and women's rights has
entered and taken root in civil society and is here to
stay, such that even monarchists and conservative

Islamists have to address it in some way. This tough
resolve by those who desire change within Iran,
along with their equally strong determination to be
independent of outside pressures and manipula-
tions, should serve as a stern warning to the U.S.
and other states who contemplate any military
action against Iran.




                         187
                                 Index


abortion, 164                                  on cover of Newsweek, 31
adultery                                airliners

   punished by stoning, 158                    shot down by U.S. Navy, 62

Afghanistan, 19, 24, 108-110            al-Qaeda, 19, 24, 26, 109

   and hypothetical U.S. attack         al-Sadr, Moqtada, 74

           on Iran, 73-74, 109, 120     Alavi, Nasrin, 174

   U.S. invasion, 35                    Ali, Tariq, 51

       improves Iran-U.S. rela-         Alizadeh, Ghazaleh, 129

              tions, 104                Allawi, Iyad, 81

   women's dress, 169                   American Enterprise Institute, 26
Ahmadinejad, Mahmoud, 28, 95-           Amir-Entezam, Abbas, 154-155

     96, 97, iio-iii, 146-147               "anticipatory self-defense," 37, 44

   and ban on women in soccer               anti-Semitism

           stadiums, 187                    in Iranian newspapers, in

   and censorship, 133                      Apple, The, 185

   and civil rights crackdowns,             Arab states, 23. See also Jordan;
           163, 177                               Lebanon; Saudi Arabia;
    and higher education, 149,                    Syria

           177-178                          Arabic language, 12

    and Islam, 164                          Arafat, Yasser, 112

    and rock concert permits,               Argentina, 43

           175-176, 177                     arms trade, 18



                                      189
                                    Index



Asian energy grid, 39, 41, 43-44                 crackdown on, 174, 177
"axis of evil," 19, 69, 71, 96                   women, 165
    and Iranian elections, 97                 Bolivia, 43

    and literature, 182                       Bolton, John R., 90, 99

Ayatollah Ali Khamanei, 87, 93,               book banning, 133, 134-136
      112, 148                                Bowden, Mark, 16
Ayatollah Khomeini, 15, 92-93,                Brazil, 99

      95, 97-98, 143                          Bremer, L. Paul, 108

    gets cake from Robert McFar-              Britain, 14, 16, 37, 60

          land, 104                              and "anticipatory self-de-
   legislates women's dress, 166                        fense," 44

   tells Iranians to go forth and                imperialism, 117, 142

          multiply, 164                          and Iraq, 52, 108
                                                 and 1953 coup, 32
                                              Brzezinski, Zbigniew, 55

Badr brigade, 40                              burqa, 169

Bani-Etemad, Rakhshan, 185                    Bush, George H. W.
Bani-Sadr, Abolhassan, 97-98                     doesn't apologize for U.S.

banned books, 133, 134-136                              shooting down airliner,
banned films, 136                                       62
baseej (paramilitary ), 147, 148, 164         Bush, George W., 11, 19, 26, 117
    and rap music, 176                           Iran the "primary state

Beck, Glenn, 26                                         sponsor of terrorism,"
Behbahani, Simin, 155                                   3i

Berlin Blockade

    could happen again in Iraq,

          108                                 CEOs
biotoxins, 33                                    institutional versus private

blogs and bloggers, 139, 140,                           role, 57-58, 59

      173-174                                 CIA, 89


                                        190
                                     Index



Cambodia                                    Circle, The, 185

   U.S. bombing of, 67                      civil disobedience, 149-150

Campaign to Defend Women's                  civil rights, 139-140, 153

     Rights to Enter Sports Stadi-              crackdowns under Ahmadine-
     ums, 187                                           jad, 163, 177

Canada, 41-42, 43, 145                      Clinton, Hillary, 27

Carter, Jimmy, 16                           clothing, Islamic. See dress code,

   butters up the shah, 32                        Islamic

Cavallo, Alfred, 49                         Cold War, 91
censorship, 132-136, 174                    college faculty, 36

   and creativity, 183-184                      institutional role, 58

chadors, 168-169                                targeted in Iran, 149, 177-178

Chalabi, Ahmed, 81                          college students, 36, 58

chemical weapons, 33                            women majority in Iran, 160
   used by Iraq, 34, 84-85, 88              Columbia University, 126
Cheney, Dick, 91                            commercial aircraft
child custody, 155-156, 157, 158,               shot down by U.S. Navy, 62

      159, 162                              Committee on the Present Dan-
China                                             ger, 70

    arms race revival, 61                   Constitution of the Islamic Re-

    not intimidated, 38, 39                       public of Iran, 92-93

    and Saudi Arabia, 39-40                     and women, 162
Chirac, Jacques, 45                         Constitutional Revolution of Iran,

Christian fundamentalists, 26                     142
church-state separation, 143, 149,              and women, 161
      151- 153                              contraception, 164-165

    France, 171                             Contras (mercenary army), 18-19
    and women, 161                          corporate executives

cinema, 183-186                                 institutional versus private

    censorship, 133, 136                                role, 57-58, 59



                                      191
                                     Index



Corsi, Jerome, 26                              students, 150

Council on Foreign Affairs, 89,                U.S. training Iranians how to

      9i                                              conduct, 100

coup d'etat, 1953, 15-17, 32                  women's, 161, 162
   "ancient history," says U.S.,                  attacked by all-woman po-

            89                                              lice force, 163

covert government action, 66                   See also hunger strikes

   case studies, 18, 24                    Derakhshan, Hossein, 173
       bombing of Iraq, 55                 Derkhshandeh, Pouran, 185
       sanctions against Iran,             Dien Bien Phu

                 59-50                        could happen again in Iraq,

   and nuclear weapons, 86                            108
Cuba, 118                                  dissidents, 80-81, 141, 148-152

custody rights, 155-156, 157, 158,            and aid from U.S., 101
     159, 162                                 discredited, 144

                                              and women's dress, 173
                                           divorce laws, 155-157, 160, 162

Dawa Party (Iraq), 105-106                 documentary filmmakers, 185
death penalty, 153                         domestic abuse, 157
democracy, 96, 144                         draft (conscription)

   can't be delivered by cluster              forecasts, 74, 121

            bombs, 28                      dress code, Islamic, 158, 166-173

   hated by Blair and Bush, 55             Duelfer, Charles, 52

   undermined and overthrown,
            142-143
   taken more seriously in Latin           Ebadi, Shirin, 27-28, 80-81, 146,

            America, 42                         155

demographics, 13                              loses judgeship, 158

demonstrations and protests, 36,           economic sanctions
      145                                     against Iran, 18, 34, 38, 80



                                     192
                                      Index



        conditions for removal,           exiles

                  123                            writers, 131-132

        forecast, 72                      explosively formed projectiles

    against Iraq, 21, 59-60                         (EFPs), 22

Eisenhower, Dwight D., 15

Eisenhower Strike Group, 15
ElBaradei, Mohammed, 65, 73,                  Family Protection Law, 158

      75-76                                   Farrokhzad, Forugh, 136-137

elections                                     Farsi language, 12, 122

    Iran, 94, 95, 96-97, 150                     blogs, 173-174

electricity, 77                               Fatah, 23

embassies                                     Fattah, Hassan, 23

    Swiss in Iran, 19-20                      fear of Iran, 47

    U.S. in Iran                              feminist poets, 136-137

        takeover, 1979, 16                    Ferdowsi, 13

    U.S. in Kuwait                            films and film directors, 183-186

        bombing, 1983, 105                        censorship, 133, 136

enrichment of uranium, 20, 22,                Financial Times, 48

      35, 37, 38, 64-65                       football (soccer), 186-187

    and media, 48                             Foreign Affairs, 89-90

    monitoring, 76                            France, 17, 45

    and negotiations, 64                          outlaws Islamic cover, 171

escalation of hostilities, 71-72, 73,         Franco-Prussian War, 71

      74, 118, 121                            freedom of choice of clothing,
ethnic groups, 13, 24, 121 See also                 170-171
       Kurds
European Union, 35, 37, 60, 98
    "does what U.S. orders them               Gallup Poll, 26

            to do," 38, 39                    Ganji, Akbar, 80-81, 143-144,

Evin Prison, 145, 155                               i53~ I 54



                                        193
                                     Index



Gardiner, Sam, 65                          Hakkak, Ahmad Karimi, 132
Garner, Jay, 117                           Halabja massacre, 1998, 84-85
gasoline, 79                               Halliburton, 54

genocide, 67                               Hamas, 19, 112
Germany                                    Hamilton, Lee, 11
    Nazi era, 47-48, 49, 69                Hanson, Victor, 91
girl soccer fans in films, 186-187         Harrison, Selig, 48

government secrecy, 66                     hejab, 166-167, 168-171, 173

   case studies, 18, 24                        in blogs, 174

       bombing of Iraq, 55                 Hekmatyar, Gulbuddin, 109
       sanctions against Iran,             heroin addiction, 184

               59-60                       Hersh, Seymour, 23-24
   and nuclear weapons, 86                 Hezbollah, 19, 113-115, 123

government structure                       Hidden Half, 185
    Iran, 93-95                            higher education

government spending                            and Islam, 149
    U.S., 56-57                            Hiro, Dilip, n-12

Great Britain, 14, 16, 37, 60              history

   and "anticipatory self-de-                  Iranian, ignored by U.S., 116

          fense," 44                           those who remember, and

   imperialism, 117, 142                             why, 32
   and Iraq, 52, 108                       Holocaust denial
   and 1953 coup, 32                           in Iranian newspapers, in

Guests of the Ayatollah (Bowden),          hostage crisis, 1979-81, 16, 18, 32,

     16                                          88-89
                                           human rights activists, 82, 146,
                                                 155, 162

Hafez, 13, 28-29, I2 &                     hunger, 57
Hagee, John, 26                            hunger strikes, 143, 150
hair, women's, 167-168                     Hussein, Imam, 25


                                     194
                                    Index



Hussein, Saddam, 18, 19, 34,              Iran-Contra scandal, 18-19, 2 4-

     85                                            33.88
   execution, 33                                 and Robert McFarland, 104
   and nuclear weapons, 87                Iran-Iraq War, 18, 19, 33-34, 84-

   and SCIRI, 104                                  85, 147

Huyser, Robert, 16                               casualties, 84, 88

                                                 influence, 78

                                                 and UN, 84
IMF, 42-43                                       and U.S., 62, 84
imperialism, 45, 116, 123, 152                   and women, 158-159
   Iranian, imagined by U.S., 114             Iranian Constitutional Revolu-

   perceived by Iranians, 72                       tion, 142

   and railroads, 117                            and women, 161
"In This Blind Alley" (Shamlu),               Iranian Ministry of Information

     126-128                                     and murders of writers, 125
Index on Censorship, 134                      Iraq, 22, 44

India, 20, 39                                    dissidents, 81

    and oil, 83                                  elections, 40

    and U.S., 99                                 forecasts, 73

institutional roles, 57-58                       invasion of Kuwait, 85

intellectuals, 125, 139, 140, 141-142            looting of nuclear develop-

    discredited, 144                                   ment sites, 53
International Atomic Energy                      political parties, 104

      Agency, 21, 59, 65                         reconstruction, 54-55

International Monetary Fund, 42-                     done by those whose

      43                                                     weapons destroyed
Internet use, 139, 140, 165                                  it,   54,

    for entertainment, 175                        Shia shrines, 14

Iran Air Flight 655                               U.S. invasion, 2003, 19, 35,

    shot down by U.S. Navy, 62                         40, 44- 5 2


                                        195
                                       Index



       deaths, 69-70                         Islamic law. See sharia

       planned by neoconserva-               Islamic Republic of Iran Constitu-

                 tives, 69-70                      tion, 92-93

       public opinion, 46                        and women, 162
       stirs    up anger and hatred,         Islamic Revolution, 1978-79, 17,

                 67-68                             89, 103-104

       true aims accomplished,                   and literature, 130-131

                 54                              and women, 157-158
   U.S. occupation, 55, 74, 101-                     dress, 166

           102                               Islamic rule. See theocracy

       and communal violence,                Ismail, Shah, 14

                 122                         Israel, 17, 19, 23, 33

       brings pro-Iranian groups                 attack on Lebanon, 2006, 115

                 to power, 105                       U.S. press coverage, 179

       and supplies, 108                         more or less a U.S. military
   "weapons of mass destruc-                           base, 34

         tion," 33, 46-47, 52-53,                nuclear weapons, 20, 35

           84                                    threat to Iran, 37-38

   See also Iran-Iraq War; Karbala                   attack on Iran forecast,

Islam, 13-14, 24, 147                                       66-68
   and censorship, 134-136                       threatened by Iran, no

   and government. See theoc-                    will not be attacked by Iran, 73

           racy                              Israeli-Palestinian conflict, 111-113

   and higher education, 149,                    two-state solution (proposed),

           177-178                                       63,64
   See also Shia Islam; Sunni

           Muslims; Wahhabi
           Islam                             Jahanbegloo, Ramin, 177
Islamic Dawa Party (Iraq), 105-              Japan, 44

     106                                         and nuclear weapons, 78


                                       196
                                     Index



Jesh al-Mahdi, 104                              and IsraeU-Palestinian con-
jet bombers                                           flict,   112

   dispatched to Israel, 34                     and rock concert permits,
jihad, 67                                             175

John C. Stennis (aircraft carrier),         Khayyam, Omar, 13, 133
     21                                     Khomeini, Ruholla, 15, 92-93, 95,
Jomhuri Eslami, 163                               97-98, 143
Jordan, 53                                      gets cake from Robert McFar-

journalists, 143-144                                  land, 104

   arrests, 174                                 legislates women's dress, 166

   death in detention, 145-146                  tells Iranians to go forth and

   historical perspective of, 178-                    multiply, 164

            179                             Kiarostami, Abbas, 133, 136, 184

                                            Kirchner, Nestor, 43

                                            Kissinger, Henry, 36

Kabul, 109-110                                  calls for genocide, 67

Karbala, 25                                 Koran, 25, 166

Karimi-Hakkak, Ahmad, 127-                  Kristol, Bill

     128                                        advocates military strike on

Karzai, Hamid, 109                                    Iran, 62-63

Kay, David, 52                              Krull, Steven, 46

Kazemi, Zahra, 145-146                      Kurds, 13, 24, 84-85

Kennan, George, 55                          Kuwait, 85

Khamanei, Ali, 87, 93, 112, 148
Khatami, Mohammad, 19, 20,

     79-80, 95-96, 146-148                  labor affairs

    and censorship, 133                         press coverage lacking, 51

    and civil rights, 139-140                   unions, 149

    and death of Zahra Kazemi,              Laird, Melvin, 17

            145                             Larijani, Ali, 65



                                      197
                                      Index



languages, 12. See also Arabic lan-             See also divorce laws

     guage; Persian language                Massachusetts Institute of Tech-

Latin America, 42-43                             nology, 36, 58

    U.S. increasing military forces         McFarland, Robert, 104
         in, 43                             media
law, Islamic. See sharia                       coverage of Iran, 31, 178-179

Lebanon, 17, 24, 62, 67                        and enrichment of uranium
   and Iran, 113— 115                                 in Iraq, 48-49

   press coverage, 179                          Iranian monarchist television

   and U.S., 122-123                                  in U.S., 152-153

Leverett, Flynt, 20                             See also press; televangelists;

Lipstick Jihad (Moaveni), 180-                        television

     181, 183                               memoirs, 180-183
literature, 125-138, 180-183. See           Milani, Tahmineh, 185

     also novels; poetry; samizdat          military bases

     literature                                cost, 49-50

Los Angeles                                 military spending, 49-50, 99

   and Iranian monarchists, 152             militias, 40, 74, 104

                                            Ministry of Islamic Guidance,

                                                 134-136
MIT, 36, 58                                 Moaveni, Azadeh, 180, 183
maghnaeh, 168                               Mohammadi, Akbar, 150
magical realism, 129, 130                   monarchism and monarchists,
Mahdi army, 40, 74                               151, 152-153

Mahfouz, Naguib, 181                        Mortazavi, Saeed, 145

Makhmalbaf, Mohsen, 184                     Mossadegh, Mohammed, 15-16,
Makhmalbaf, Samira, 185                          89, 116, 142
manteaus, 140, 167                          Motallebi, Sina, 174

marriage, 157                               Mottaki, Manouchehr, 22

    minimum age, 156, 160, 162              Moussavi Khoini, Ali- Akbar, 177


                                      198
                                   Index



mujahideen, 24                         New York Times, 48
Musharraf, Pervez, no                        acts as if the U.S. is those who

music, 13                                           own it, 51
   rap, 176                            newspapers
   rock concert permits, 175-176,            Europe, 178

            177                              Iran, 80-81, in, 175

Muslim women, 158-159                  Newsweek, 31

Muslims. See Shias; Sunni Mus-         Nicaragua, 18-19

     lims                              North American Free Trade
                                               Agreement, 41
                                       North Korea, 91-92
NGOs, 155-156, 163-164                 novels, 180-181

   women's, 165                              censorship, 134-136

Nafisi, Azar, 180-182                  nuclear energy, 18, 35-36, 58, 72,

NAFTA, 41                                      76-77
nail polish, legislation of, 167             and imperialism, 116-117
Nasr, Vali, 25                               India, 83

natural gas, 39                              Iranian public opinion, 79

negotiation, 70, 91-92, 99                   and oil, 77
    conditional on conceding in              right to develop, 74-75, 82

            advance, 63                   Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty,

    and nuclear weapons, 21-22,                20-21, 35, 36, 73, 82

            90                               and North Korea, 92
Nehzat-e Azadi, 149                       nuclear weapons, 20, 64-65, 77-

neoconservatives, 69-70, 89, 91,               78
      98, 117                                China, 38

    and Iranian ethnic groups,               France, 45

            121-122                          India, 82

New Orleans                                  Iran (forecast), 23, 35, 36, 38,

    flood, 56                                       72-73, 74-75


                                    199
                                    Index



        arguments against, 83,               refining, 79

                 85-87                       Saudi Arabia, 41

        discussed in Iranian news-      oral tradition, 137-138

                 papers, 86             Ossanlou, Mohammad Reza,
        fear of, 47                            149
        option of having, 83

        and U.S., 75, 76, 80, 82,
                 90, 120, 123             Pahlavi,   Mohammad Reza, 15, 16,
        "un-Islamic," 87                       18, 152

    Iraq (development), 33                   is buttered   up by Jimmy
    Israel, 20, 35                                   Carter, 32

    Japan (forecast), 78                     initiates nuclear projects, 76

    Pakistan, 35, no                         lays plans for nuclear bomb,

    United States, 21                                82
nuclear war                                  legislates women's dress, 172

    prevention efforts, 61-62                makes deal with MIT, 36
Nunn, Sam, 61-62                             overthrown, 17, 89, 103-104

                                        Pakistan, 20, 108, no

                                        Palestine, 23

Offside, 185-187                        Palestinian-Israeli conflict, in-

oil, 11, 14-15, 33, 36,                        113
                          39
    and India, 83                            two-state solution (proposed),

    as instrument of control, 56                     63,64
        and Iran, 61, 102               Palestinian Liberation Organiza-

    and invasion of Iraq, 55                   tion, 112

    nationalization of wells, 15,       Pamuk, Orhan, 181
           116                          Panahi, Jafar, 185-186

    and nuclear energy, 77              Parsipur, Shahrnush, 129

    prices, 102-103                     PEN American Center, 125-126
    real cost of, 49                    Persepolis (Satrapi), 180, 182



                                    200
                                     Index



Persian language, 12, 122                       institutional role, 58

    blogs, 173-174                              targeted in Iran, 149, 177-178

Persian literature, 125-138                  Program on International Policy
pipelines (proposed), 83                          Attitudes, 46

Pirzad, Zoya, 129                        propaganda, 26, 47-48
poetry, n-12, 28, 126-128, 132           protests and demonstrations, 36,

    feminist, 136-137                             145
    and oral tradition, 137-138                 students, 150

police, 163                                     U.S. training Iranians how to

political parties                                       conduct, 100

    Iraq, 104-105                               women's, 161, 162
political prisoners, 143-144, 154-                  attacked by all-woman po-

      155. 177                                              lice force, 163

Pollack, Kenneth, 90                            See also hunger strikes
pollution, 156                               public opinion

polygamy, 154-155, 162                          American, 26, 46
Powell, Colin, 70                               Iranian, 151-152

press, 81                                    publishers, 133

    coverage oflabor issues, 51

    dysfunctional, 33

    ahistorical coverage of Middle           Q'uran, 25, 166

            East, 178-179

    and enrichment of uranium
            in Iraq, 48-49                   Rabihavi, Ghazi, 134

    under Khatami, 140                       Rafsanjani, Ali Akbar Hashemi,

    See also newspapers                           97- 139
prisons and prisoners, 145-146,              rahbar. See supreme leader

      150. See also Evin Prison; po-         railroads and imperialism, 117

      litical prisoners                      rap music, 176

professors, 36                               rape laws, 160


                                       201
                                    Index



Ravinipur, Moniru, 129                        and 2003 Shia uprising, 107
Reading Lolita in Tehran (Nafsi),         samizdat literature, 138-139
      180-182                             sanctions

Reagan, Ronald, 11, 88                        against Iran, 18, 34, 38, 80

   aids Iraq, 33                                  conditions for removal,

religion, 13-14. See also church-                       123

     state separation; Islam;                     forecast, 72

     theocracy                                against Iraq, 21, 59-60

reproductive rights, 158, 164             Satrapi, Marjane, 180, 182

Rice, Condoleezza, 26, 64                 Saudi Arabia, 24-26, 33, 44

   dismisses Iran's constitution,            and China, 39-40
         92                                   011,41

    Iran's record "something to be        scarves, 166, 171, 172. See also

         loathed," 31                           magnaeh
rock concert permits, 175-176, 177        Schliefen Plan, 1914, 121

Roosevelt, Kermit, 16                     secrecy in government, 66

Rumi, 12-13, I2 &                            case studies, 18, 24

Rumsfield, Donald                                bombing of Iraq, 55
    Iran the "leading state spon-                 sanctions against Iran,

         sor of terrorism," 31                          59-50
   and Iraq, 33-34                           and nuclear weapons, 86
   says that "stuff happens," 53          sexism in law, 155-157
    Russia, 14, 39, 75-76                 sexuality

   arms race revival, 61                     and soccer, 187
   and Iran, 117, 142                        censorship, 134, 135

   and oil, 56                            Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi.
                                                See Pahlavi, Mohammad

                                                Reza
Sadr, Moqtada al-, 74, 102, 103-          Shah, Reza

      104, 105-106                           and women's dress, 172


                                    202
                                      Index



Shahnameh, The (Ferdowsi), 13             stock ownership, 51

Shamlu, Ahmad, 126-128                    stoning (punishment), 156, 158

Shanghai Cooperation Organiza-            Strange Times, My Dear, 126, 132

       tion (SCO), 39                     strikes, 149

sharia, 94, 112, 158, 160, 166. See       student movement, 150, 151

       also dress code                            and hejab, 169-170
Sharon, Ariel, 117                        Sunni Muslims, 23-24, in
Shia Islam, 14, 25                                conflict with Shias, 23-24,

  -   and Iranian government, 94-                         26

           95                                     fomented by U.S., 123
Shias, 14, 23-24, 25, 40-41, in                   forecasts, 74, 102

      conflict with Sunnis, 23-24, 26         Supreme Council for the Islamic
      fomented by U.S., 123                         Revolution in Iraq (SCIRI),

      forecasts, 74                                 104-105
      Iraq, 23, 40, 101, 102, 108         supreme leader, 93-94, 148
         and forecast U.S. attack of          Switzerland

                Iran, 40-41, 103, 106             ambassadors, 19-20
         independence of, 107                 Syria, 17, 23, 114

      Lebanon, 113
      "Shia crescent," 107

Shiites. See Shias                        Takeyh, Ray, 90

Sistani, Ayatollah, 40, 106               Taliban, 19, 108-109

Slackman, Michael, 23                     Taraghi, Goli, 129

soccer, 186-187                           Tehran
social class, 147                                 pollution, 156

South Korea, 39                           televangelists, 26

Soviet Union, 14, 138, 142, 164           television

stereotypes                                       stereotypes of Iran, 181

      in literature, 182                      theocracy, 92-95, 140-141, 146-

      in television, 181                            150


                                        203
                                       Index



     Ayatollah Sistani doesn't                  and U.S., 60, 72
          want, 106                          U.S.

     criticized by Akbar Ganji,                 aid to Iranian dissidents, 101

           143-144, 153                         and Afghanistan, 35, 104, 109
     intellectuals and artists don't            and Brazil, 99
          want, 142                             and Canada, 41
     "religious police," 139                    and India, 99, no
     and women, 158-159, 161-                   and Iraq. See Iraq, U.S. inva-
           163, 164-165, 166-173                      sion; Iraq, U.S. occupa-

     See also sharia                                  tion

torture, 145, 150                               and Israel, 27
trials, 145-146                                 attack on Iran (forecast), 22-

Turkey, 33                                            23, 27-28, 40-41, 46,

                                                      65-68
                                                    consequences, 120-121
UK, 14, 16, 37, 60                                  excuses to bomb, 61-62

     and "anticipatory self-de-                     and Iranians, 100, 115
          fense," 44                                and Israel, 115
     imperialism, 117, 142                          and miscalculation, 71
     and Iraq, 52, 108                              and Moqtada al-Sadr, 106
     and 1953 coup, 32                              and rap music, 176
UN                                                  warning from ex- State
     Charter, 44, 64                                      Dept. official, 119

     inspectors, 52-53                          double standards, 37
     International Atomic Energy                military contractors, 17-18

          Agency, 21, 59, 65                    military forces surrounding

     and Iran-Iraq War, 84                            Iran, 49, 152

     and nuclear research, 90, 99               military spending, 49-50, 99

     and nuclear weapons, 21                    public opinion, 26, 46

     and sanctions against Iraq, 60                 Iranian, 151-152



                                       204
                                     Index



   trade deficit, 50                     veils, 171-172

   and UN., 60, 72                            criminalized by Reza Shah,

U.S. Navy                                            172

   shoots down Iranian airliner,              forbidden in French public

          62                                         schools, 171

USS John C. Stennis, 21                  Venezuela, 42, 43

U.S. State Department

   only talks about what is offi-

          cial, 118-119                  Wahhab, Mohammed Abdul, 25
   reprimands Swiss ambassa-             Wahhabi Islam, 25-26
          dor, 20                          Wall Street Journal, 50

Ukraine                                  warlords

   and Russia, 56                             Afghanistan, 109-110

underground literature, 138-139          Washington, D.C.
Unger, Craig, 19-20                           and Iranian monarchists, 152
unions, 149                                We Are Iran (Alavi), 174
university faculty, 36                   "weapons of mass destruction,"
    institutional role, 58                      22
    targeted in Iran, 149, 177-178            and France, 45
university students, 36, 58                   Iraq, 33, 46-47. 5 2 "53- 84

    women majority in Iran, 160               Israel, 35

uranium enrichment, 20, 22, 35,               U.S., 49

      37, 38, 64-65                      Web logs. See blogs and bloggers
    and media, 48                        Web sites, feminist, 165
    monitoring, 76                         Weekly Standard, 26

    and negotiations, 64                 White, Wayne, 119
                                         women, Irani
                                              film directors, 185

Van Creveld, Martin, 35, 36                   and Islam, 155-173 passim
Varadarajan, Siddharth, 83                        dress code, 158, 166-173



                                     205
                                     Index



and Islamic Revolution, 157-                  women writers, 129-130, 136-
      158                                            137, 180-183

legal status, 158-173                         women's movement, 155-156,
    exclusion from profes-                           159-166
            sions, 158, 162                World Bank, 42-43
    women and travel, 157                  World War II, 71, 121
in literature                              "World War IV," 91
    censorship, 134-135                  writers, 125-146

political activity, 158, 159, 165-            repression against, 125, 139,

      166                                            141.   H5
protests and demonstrations,                  See also journalists; women

      161, 162                                       writers

    attacked by all-woman po-

            lice force, 163

    organize online, 165                   Zarafhsan, Nasser, 155

roles, 159, 160                            Zionism
soccer fans, 186-187                          and Ahmadinejad, in
university students, 16                    Zoroastrianism, 14




                                     206
CURRENT EVENTS/POLITICS/MIDDLE EAST


 "INSIGHTFUL, TIMELY, AND LACED WITH RICH HISTORICAL
   PERSPECTIVE, TARGETING IRAN PRESENTS A BRACING
  EXPLORATION OF IRAN'S CURRENT PLACE IN THE WORLD,
  AND ITS TANGLED RELATIONSHIP WITH THE WEST. THESE
    FASCINATING INTERVIEWS CAPTURE IRAN'S COMPLEXITY
       AND ILLUMINATE THE MORNING'S HEADLINES."
                        —AZADEH MOAVENI, author         of Lipstick Jihad:

                A Memoir of Growing Up Iranian in America and American in Iran



IRAN AND THE UNITED STATES ARE ON               ERVAND ABRAHAMIAN, born in Iran, is
a dangerous collision course. Washington's      professor of Middle Eastern history at

saber rattling in response to Iran's hard-      Baruch College. He is the author of Iran

line government eerily evokes U.S. rheto-       Between Two Revolutions.
ric prior to the invasion of Iraq. The United
                                                DAVID BARSAMIAN is the award-winning
States   is   operating within a preemptive
                                                founder and director of Alternative Radio
strike doctrine, and war is on the table.
                                                (www.altemativeradio.org). His books include
   As threats between Washington and
                                                Imperial Ambitions with Noam Chomsky and
Tehran escalate, it is of utmost importance
                                                Original ZinnmXU Howard Zinn.
for U.S. citizens to     become informed. In
Targeting Iran, David Barsamian examines        NOAM CHOMSKY has taught linguistics
the issues with three scholars who discuss      and philosophy at MIT for more than fifty

the political complexities of the Iran-U.S.     years. He is the author of many books, includ-

conflict, including the        1953 CIA coup    ing Hegemony or Survival, Failed States, and

and the rise of the Islamic regime; Iran's      Interventions.

internal dynamics and competing forces;
                                                NAHID MOZAFFARI, born in Iran, is the
the influence of the Iraqi insurgency; and
                                                author of The Public Intellectual in
the possible long-term consequences of
                                                Iran:   1906-1956.
U.S. policy.




r             OPEN MEDIA SERIES
              CITY LIGHTS BOOKS
              www.citylights.com

              ARM YOURSELF WITH INFORMATION
                                                                         ISBN 13 978   87286 458   1
