What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page i




                               About the Authors

             Noam Chomsky is the author of numerous bestselling political
             works, including Hegemony or Survival and Failed States. A profes-
             sor of linguistics and philosophy at MIT, he is widely credited with
             having revolutionized modern linguistics. He lives outside Boston,
             Massachusetts.


             David Barsamian, director of the award-winning and widely syn-
             dicated Alternative Radio, is the winner of the Lannan Foundation’s
             2006 Cultural Freedom Fellowship and the ACLU’s Upton Sinclair
             Award for independent journalism. Barsamian lives in Boulder,
             Colorado.
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page ii




                   This page intentionally left blank
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page iii




              NOAM
             CHOMSKY
             WHAT           WE      SAY        GOES
             Conversations on US power in a changing world




                     with DAVID BARSAMIAN
What We Say Goes PAGES     16/8/07     8:42 AM     Page iv




            First published in 2007 in Australia and New Zealand by Allen & Unwin

            First published by Metropolitan Books, an imprint of Henry Holt and
            Company, LLC

            Copyright © 2007 by Aviva Chomsky and David Barsamian

            All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced
            or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or
            mechanical, including photocopying, recording or by any
            information storage and retrieval system, without prior
            permission in writing from the publisher. The Australian
            Copyright Act 1968 (the Act) allows a maximum of one chapter
            or 10 per cent of this book, whichever is the greater, to be
            photocopied by any educational institution for its educational
            purposes provided that the educational institution (or body
            that administers it) has given a remuneration notice to Copyright
            Agency Limited (CAL) under the Act.

            Allen & Unwin
            83 Alexander Street
            Crows Nest NSW 2065
            Australia
            Phone: (61 2) 8425 0100
            Fax:      (61 2) 9906 2218
            Email:    info@allenandunwin.com
            Web:      www.allenandunwin.com

            The Cataloguing-in-Publication entry is available from the
            National Library of Australia.

            ISBN 978 1 74175 348 6.

            Set in 10.5 pt Palatino by Midland Typesetters, Australia
            Printed and bound in Australia by Griffin Press

            10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page v




                              Contents


             1. What We Say Goes                              1
             2. Lebanon and the Crisis in the Middle East    9
             3. Latin America: Stirrings in the
               Servants’ Quarters                            41
             4. The United States Versus the Gospels        73
             5. The Framework for Thinkable Thoughts        93
             6. Invasions and Evasions                      119
             7. Threats                                     141
             8. What We Can Do                              161
             Notes                                          191
             Acknowledgments                                213
             Index                                          214

                                          -v-
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page vi




                   This page intentionally left blank
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM       Page 1




                                       o     n     e




                               What We
                               Say Goes

                    Cambridge, Massachusetts (February 10, 2006)


             James Traub, in the New York Times Magazine, writes, “Of
             course, treaties and norms don’t restrain the outlaws. The pro-
             hibition on territorial aggression enshrined in the UN Charter
             didn’t faze Saddam Hussein when he decided to forcibly annex
             Kuwait.” Then he adds, “When it comes to military force, the
             United States can, and will, act alone. But diplomacy depends
             on a united front.” 1

             As Traub knows very well, the United States is a leading
             outlaw state, totally unconstrained by international law,
             and it openly says so. What we say goes. The United States
             invaded Iraq, even though that’s a radical violation of the
             United Nations Charter.




                                           -1-
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM     Page 2




                                   Noam Chomsky



            If he knows that, why doesn’t he write it in the article?

            If he wrote that, then he wouldn’t be writing for the New
            York Times. There is a certain discipline that you have to
            meet. In a well-run society, you don’t say things you know.
            You say things that are required for service to power.

            That reminds me of the story of the emperor Alexander and his
            encounter with a pirate.

            I don’t know if it happened, but according to the account
            from Saint Augustine, a pirate was brought to Alexander,
            who asked him, How dare you molest the seas with your
            piracy? The pirate answered, How dare you molest the
            world? I have a small ship, so they call me a pirate. You
            have a great navy, so they call you an emperor. But you’re
            molesting the whole world. I’m doing almost nothing by
            comparison.2 That’s the way it works. The emperor is al-
            lowed to molest the world, but the pirate is considered a
            major criminal.

            Eighteen Pakistani civilians were killed in a U.S. missile attack
            on Pakistan in January 2006. The New York Times, in an ed-
            itorial, commented, “Those strikes were legitimately aimed at
            top fugitive leaders of Al Qaeda.”3

            That’s because the New York Times agrees, and always has,
            that the United States should be an outlaw state. That’s


                                          -2-
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 3




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             not surprising. The United States has the right to use vio-
             lence where it chooses, no matter what happens. If we hit
             the wrong people, we might say, “Sorry, we hit the wrong
             people.” But there should be no limits on the right of the
             United States to use force.

             The Times and other liberal media outlets are exercised about
             domestic surveillance and invasions of privacy. Why doesn’t
             that concern for law extend to the international arena?

             Actually, the media are very concerned, just like James
             Traub, with violations of international law: when some en-
             emy does it. So the policy is completely consistent. It should
             never be called a double standard. It’s a single standard of
             subordination to power. Surveillance is bothersome to peo-
             ple in power. They don’t like it. Powerful people don’t want
             to have their e-mails read by Big Brother, so, yes, they’re
             kind of annoyed by surveillance. On the other hand, a gross
             violation of international law—what the Nuremberg Tri-
             bunal called “the supreme international crime” that “con-
             tains within itself the accumulated evil of the whole”—for
             example, the invasion of Iraq, that’s just ﬁne.4
                  There is an interesting and important book, which
             naturally has hardly been reviewed, by two international
             law specialists, Howard Friel and Richard Falk, called The
             Record of the Paper. It happens to focus on the New York
             Times and its attitude toward international law, but only
             because of the paper’s importance.5 The rest of the press


                                          -3-
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM     Page 4




                                   Noam Chomsky



            is the same. Falk and Friel point out that the practice has
            been consistent: if an enemy can be accused of violating
            international law, it’s a huge outrage. But when the United
            States does something, it’s as if it didn’t happen. To take
            one example, they point out that in the seventy editorials
            on Iraq from September 11, 2001, to March 21, 2003, the in-
            vasion of Iraq, the words UN Charter and international law
            never appeared.6 That’s typical of a newspaper that be-
            lieves the United States should be an outlaw state.

            Martin Luther King Jr., in his April 4, 1967, Riverside Church
            speech, said, “Even when pressed by the demands of inner
            truth, men do not easily assume the task of opposing their gov-
            ernment’s policy, especially in time of war.”7 Is that true?

            You see that anywhere you look. It’s obviously true in the
            United States. But was the United States “at war” in 1967?
            King suggests it was. It’s an odd sense of being at war.
            The United States was attacking another country—in fact,
            it was attacking all of Indochina—but had not been at-
            tacked by anybody. So what’s the war? It was just plain,
            outright aggression.

            Howard Zinn, in his speech “The Problem Is Civil Obedience,”
            says civil disobedience is “not our problem. . . . Our problem is
            civil obedience,” people taking orders and not questioning.
            How do we confront that?8




                                          -4-
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 5




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             Howard is quite right. Obedience and subordination to
             power are the major problem, not just here but every-
             where. It’s much more important here because the state is
             so powerful, so it matters more here than in Luxembourg,
             for example. But it’s the same problem.
                 We have models as to how to confront it. First of all,
             we have plenty of models from our own history. We also
             have examples from other parts of the hemisphere. For
             example, Bolivia and Haiti had democratic elections of a
             kind that we can’t even conceive of in the United States.
             In Bolivia, were the candidates both rich guys who went
             to Yale and joined the Skull and Bones Society and ran on
             much the same program because they’re supported by
             the same corporations? No. The people of Bolivia elected
             someone from their own ranks, Evo Morales. That’s
             democracy. In Haiti, if Jean-Bertrand Aristide had not
             been expelled from the Caribbean by the United States in
             early 2004, it’s very likely that he would have won reelec-
             tion in Haiti. In Haiti and Bolivia, people act in ways that
             enable them to participate in the democratic system.
             Here, we don’t. That’s real obedience. The kind of disobe-
             dience that’s needed is to re-create a functioning democ-
             racy. It’s not a very radical idea.

             Evo Morales’s victory in Bolivia in December 2005 marks the
             first time an indigenous person has been elected to lead a coun-
             try in South America.




                                           -5-
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 6




                                   Noam Chomsky



            It’s particularly striking in Bolivia because the country has
            an indigenous majority. And you can be sure that the Pen-
            tagon and U.S. civilian planners are deeply concerned.
            Not only is Latin America falling out of our control, but for
            the ﬁrst time the indigenous populations are entering the
            political arena, in substantial numbers. The indigenous
            population is also substantial in Peru and Ecuador, which
            are also big energy producers. Some groups in Latin
            America are even calling for the establishment of an In-
            dian nation. They want control of their own resources. In
            fact, some of them don’t even want those resources devel-
            oped. They’d rather have their own lives, not have their
            society and culture destroyed so that people can sit in traf-
            ﬁc jams in New York. All this is a big threat to the United
            States. And it’s democracy, functioning in ways that by
            now we have agreed not to let happen here.
                 But we don’t have to accept that. There have been
            plenty of times in the past when popular forces in the
            United States have caused great change. You mentioned
            Martin Luther King. He would be the ﬁrst to tell you that
            he didn’t act alone. He was part of a popular movement
            that made substantial achievements. King is greatly hon-
            ored for having opposed racist sheriffs in Alabama. You
            hear all about that on Martin Luther King Day. But when
            he turned his attention to the problems of poverty and
            war, he was condemned. What was he doing when he was
            assassinated? He was supporting a strike of sanitation
            workers in Memphis and planning a Poor People’s March


                                         -6-
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 7




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             on Washington. He wasn’t praised for that, any more
             than he was praised for his rather tepid, delayed
             opposition to the Vietnam War. In fact, he was bitterly
             criticized.9
                  This isn’t quantum physics. There are complexities
             and details. You have to learn a lot and get the data right,
             but the basic principles are so transparent, it takes a ma-
             jor effort not to perceive them.




                                         -7-
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 8




                   This page intentionally left blank
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM       Page 9




                                         t    w     o




                      Lebanon and
                       the Crisis in
                     the Middle East
                      Cambridge, Massachusetts (August 15, 2006)


             The official story about the Israeli invasion of Lebanon goes like
             this: Israel acted in self-defense after Hezbollah, in a cross-
             border attack on July 12, killed eight of its soldiers and cap-
             tured two others.1 President Bush said Hezbollah attacked
             Israel and started the crisis.2 Are there any holes in the official
             story?

             Quite a lot of holes. The narrow facts are accurate. How-
             ever, it’s necessary to point out that the United States and
             Israel have no objection whatsoever to the capture of sol-
             diers and even to the much more serious crime of kid-
             napping civilians. Israel has been abducting civilians for
             decades, and no one has ever suggested that anyone
             should invade Israel in response.3 Just to make it more


                                             -9-
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 10




                                   Noam Chomsky



            dramatic, the recent upsurge in violence did not begin on
            July 12. It began in Gaza after June 25, when Hamas cap-
            tured an Israeli soldier at the border and also killed two
            others.4 That led to a huge upsurge of violence in which
            about forty Palestinians in Gaza were killed by Israel in
            June and more than one hundred and seventy were
            killed from the Israeli escalation of attacks on June 28
            through July.5 Israeli violence more than quadrupled in a
            month.
                 But something also happened on June 24, one day
            earlier, namely, Israeli forces abducted two Palestinian
            civilians in Gaza, a doctor and his brother.6 It was known;
            you can ﬁnd occasional mentions of it.7 But nobody re-
            acted. No one suggested that Israel should be invaded
            and half destroyed. So, by our own standards, there is
            no justiﬁcation whatsoever for the U.S.-Israeli attack on
            Lebanon. That’s one point.
                 Another is that, whatever one thinks of the Hezbol-
            lah action, it did have ofﬁcial reasons. One was exchange
            of prisoners. To go back a couple of months, in February
            2006, about 70 percent of the Lebanese population, which
            doesn’t like Hezbollah particularly, were in favor of the
            capture of Israeli soldiers to exchange with prisoners be-
            cause they know perfectly well that Israel has been kid-
            napping and killing civilians in Lebanon for decades.8
            We don’t know the exact numbers, it’s all kept secret.
            Hezbollah’s other ofﬁcial reason was an expression of
            solidarity and support for the people of Gaza, who were


                                         - 10 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 11




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             under bitter attack. In the entire Arab world, Hezbollah
             provides the only source of meaningful support for the
             Palestinians today.
                  However, there is also a very rich background that is
             barely even discussed. The immediate background is that
             in January 2006, Palestinians held a free election and they
             voted the wrong way, electing Hamas to a majority of
             seats in the parliament.9 You’re not allowed to vote the
             wrong way in a free election. That’s our concept of
             democracy. Democracy is ﬁne as long as you do what we
             say, but not if you vote for someone we don’t like. So in-
             stantly Israel and the United States instituted harsh pun-
             ishment of the Palestinians, cutting off funds, stepping
             up atrocities, and starving them, to punish the Palestini-
             ans. That pretty much tells you what is meant by “democ-
             racy promotion.” In particular, Israel stepped up its crimes
             in Gaza, which were already serious. As Israeli human
             rights groups point out, Israel has turned Gaza into the
             biggest prison in the world.10
                  Meanwhile, on the West Bank, Israel, with U.S. back-
             ing as always, is carrying out a program that Israel eu-
             phemistically calls “convergence” and the United States
             describes as “withdrawal.” In fact, it is a program of an-
             nexation and cantonization through which Israel is annex-
             ing valuable land and the major resources, particularly
             water, and designing settlement and infrastructure proj-
             ects so as to break up the shrinking Palestinian territories
             into unviable cantons. These are virtually separated from


                                         - 11 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 12




                                   Noam Chomsky



            one another and all virtually separated from whatever
            tiny corner of Jerusalem is to be left to Palestinians as the
            center of their commercial, educational, and cultural life.11
            Israel is taking over the Jordan Valley, again with U.S.
            backing. So, in addition to the major prison in Gaza, sev-
            eral prisons are being established on the West Bank.
                All of these U.S.-backed Israeli programs are, of
            course, totally illegal, in violation of UN Security Council
            orders, World Court decisions, and so on. And the condi-
            tions for Palestinians under occupation are very harsh
            and brutal, as they have been for years.

            According to many sources, Hezbollah in Lebanon and
            Hamas in Palestine do not recognize Israel and are dedicated
            to its eradication. They are also launching Qassam rockets
            at Israel from Gaza and Katyusha and other rockets from
            Lebanon.

            Let’s start with Hamas. Hamas had observed a truce with
            Israel for a year and a half that ended only after Israeli
            atrocities sharply picked up again. Some Palestinians did
            ﬁre Qassam rockets from Gaza, which was criminal and
            foolish. But we know the reason. It’s a reaction to Israel’s
            continuing atrocities and its takeover, annexation, and can-
            tonization programs. During the year and a half Hamas
            observed a truce, though, Israel refused to accept it and
            continued to carry out assassinations, bombings, and of
            course its illegal cutoff of funds. Hamas has indicated


                                         - 12 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 13




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             repeatedly that it is calling for a long-term, indeﬁnite truce
             and will enter negotiations on a two-state settlement if
             Israel commits itself to withdrawing from the occupied
             territories.
                  What about Hezbollah? First of all, as far as rockets
             are concerned, the United Nations keeps very careful rec-
             ords of what happens on the Israel-Lebanon border. The
             UN has registered hundreds of Israeli border violations,
             overﬂights, sonic booms, and other actions on essentially
             a daily basis, but did not record one conﬁrmed case of a
             Hezbollah rocket from May 2000, when Israel withdrew
             from southern Lebanon, up until July 2006, apart from a
             May 28, 2006, ﬁring in retaliation for Israeli cross-border
             air strikes, artillery, mortar, and tank ﬁre. Otherwise,
             there was not a single conﬁrmed case.12
                  Hezbollah’s position is that it does not regard Israel
             as a legitimate state. It doesn’t think Israel ought to exist.
             However, Hassan Nasrallah, its leader, has said repeat-
             edly that Hezbollah will accept whatever the Palestinians
             accept. If the Palestinians accept a two-state settlement,
             Hezbollah won’t like it, but they will accept it. Inciden-
             tally, the Iranian position is exactly the same. The West
             loves Mahmoud Ahmadinejad’s crazed outbursts, but he
             has a superior who is in charge, the supreme leader of
             Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. And Khamenei has de-
             clared that Iran accepts the Arab League position: nor-
             malization of relations with Israel in a two-state
             settlement on the international border, in other words,


                                         - 13 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 14




                                   Noam Chomsky



            the international consensus.13 The only two major actors
            that do not accept this consensus are the United States
            and Israel. So the right question to ask is: What are we go-
            ing to do about the fact that the United States and Israel
            continue to reject and to block a diplomatic settlement of
            the Israel-Palestine problem, and render it impossible
            by their illegal actions, as they have for the past thirty
            years? That’s the question we ought to ask.

            You met with Nasrallah when you were in Lebanon. What was
            your take on him?

            About the same as everyone else who has met him. For
            example, the reaction of Edward Peck, who was a high
            ﬁgure in counterterrorism in the Reagan administration,
            was about the same as mine. Peck said Nasrallah seems
            reasonable and pragmatic.14 He’s thoughtful and answers
            the questions you ask him. You can like what he says or
            not, but you’re getting serious answers to serious ques-
            tions. On Israel, he says what I just repeated. His most
            controversial position has to do with Hezbollah main-
            taining weapons.
                I spent even more time in Lebanon, which was never
            reported, with the strongest opponents of Hezbollah.
            With two friends from here, my wife and I went to meet
            the Druze leader Walid Jumblatt. We spent quite a few
            hours talking to him and to Chibli Mallat, the Maronite
            presidential candidate and constitutionalist, who is also


                                         - 14 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 15




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             very anti-Hezbollah. I asked them and others in Lebanon
             how they answered Hezbollah’s reasoning about keeping
             their weapons. Unfortunately, nobody had an answer.
             And I don’t know the answer.
                 The issue of Hezbollah’s weapons goes back to the
             question: Does Lebanon deserve to have a deterrent to
             U.S.-Israeli aggression? That’s not abstract. The current
             invasion of Lebanon is the ﬁfth in the last thirty years.
             Every one has been disruptive and violent. One of them,
             in 1982, wiped out a large part of the country and killed
             probably twenty thousand people.15 This is not a joke.
             So, do they have a right to a deterrent? If nobody has a
             right to a deterrent against U.S.-Israeli aggression, the
             answer is clear: they don’t. The United States and Israel
             are allowed to invade anyone they like. If Lebanon does
             have a right to a deterrent, what is it? It can’t be the
             Lebanese army, which is much too weak and penetrated
             by the United States. One credible deterrent would be a
             U.S. commitment to stop any Israeli invasion. Maybe an
             asteroid will hit the earth tomorrow, too. That’s our
             problem. If people like you and me and others in the
             United States cannot provide that deterrent, it doesn’t
             count.
                 What’s the alternative? Hezbollah’s argument is that
             the only thing that deters Israel is guerrilla warfare.
             Nothing else prevents Israel from occupation. Israel had,
             after all, occupied Lebanon illegally for twenty-two years,
             with U.S. support, in violation of Security Council orders.


                                         - 15 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 16




                                   Noam Chomsky



            It was a brutal and oppressive occupation, and only guer-
            rilla war ﬁnally drove them out in 2000.
                 The government of Lebanon is ambivalent about
            Hezbollah’s weapons. The position of Prime Minister
            Fouad Siniora—who is a Sunni, not pro-Hezbollah,
            which is Shia—and of the government is that Security
            Council Resolution 1559, which calls for disarmament of
            Lebanese militias, does not apply to Hezbollah because
            it’s not a militia but a resistance force. You can agree or
            not agree with the government of Lebanon, but that argu-
            ment needs an answer.
                 It is worth mentioning that polls in Lebanon several
            months prior to the invasion found that “58 percent of all
            Lebanese believed Hizbullah had the right to remain
            armed, and hence, continue its resistance activity.”16 I’m
            quoting Amal Saad-Ghorayeb, the Lebanese academic,
            who is a leading specialist on Hezbollah, widely quoted
            and published in the U.S. mainstream, and by no means
            pro-Hezbollah. She was also involved in organizing the
            polls. She points out further that by late July, during the in-
            vasion, that ﬁgure rose to 87 percent of Lebanese, includ-
            ing 80 percent of Christians and Druze. She concludes:


                Thanks to the high death toll, with close to one-quarter
                of the population displaced, and the colossal material
                destruction of the economy wreaked by Israel’s war ma-
                chine, Hizbullah’s “logic of resistance” and deterrence
                has been both vindicated and demonstrated. It has



                                         - 16 -
What We Say Goes PAGES      16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 17




                                  W H AT W E S AY G O E S



                 stepped in to ﬁll the huge political and military vac-
                 uum left by the state, the resistance’s ongoing counter-
                 attacks paralyzing Israel on the ground. The Lebanese
                 reject the self-designated role that US and Israeli ofﬁ-
                 cials have taken on as spokespersons for the Lebanese,
                 along with their purported favour of ridding the
                 Lebanese, once and for all, of Hizbullah. . . . Like their
                 predecessors in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Palestine, the
                 Lebanese are starting to equate the US’s suffo-
                 cating desire to bring them “freedom” with the kiss of
                 death.17


                Another success of the U.S.-Israel reliance on the
             mailed ﬁst.


             You just mentioned UN Security Council Resolution 1559.
             Tim Llewellyn, who used to work for the BBC, calls it a
             “unique interference by the Security Council in Lebanon’s in-
             ternal affairs.”18 Is it?


             It certainly is unusual, but I don’t know whether it’s actu-
             ally unique. The Security Council typically does not inter-
             vene in the internal affairs of other countries. One part of
             1559 that is not unique is the call for Syrian withdrawal. It
             was cynical and hypocritical but within the rights of the
             Security Council. In 1976, Syria entered Lebanon with the
             support of the United States and Israel. Its task then was
             to kill Palestinians, so that was just ﬁne. Syria stayed there


                                            - 17 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 18




                                   Noam Chomsky



            with the backing of the United States. The ﬁrst Bush ad-
            ministration supported Syria remaining in Lebanon be-
            cause it wanted to build up a coalition for the Gulf War
            that would include Arab states. But now, for their own
            cynical reasons, the United States and France have de-
            cided that Syria should withdraw. It’s true that Syria
            should withdraw, but it should have withdrawn in 1976.
                 The other part of the UN resolution, about the inter-
            nal affairs of Lebanon, is, as Llewellyn said, dubious.
            That’s not the Security Council’s role. It’s up to the people
            of Lebanon to decide how they want to deal with the
            threat of U.S.-Israeli aggression.
                 Incidentally, people talk about the “Israeli invasion of
            Lebanon,” but that’s not accurate. The jet planes, the mis-
            siles, the cluster munitions are made here. And the
            United States provides them to Israel in massive numbers
            precisely to permit aggression. So it’s a U.S.-Israeli inva-
            sion. The United States also vetoed a call for a cease-ﬁre
            in the United Nations and then blocked a cease-ﬁre for
            weeks.19 So the United States has direct participation in
            this invasion, as in the earlier ones.

            Seymour Hersh wrote an article in the New Yorker called
            “Watching Lebanon: Washington’s Interests in Israel’s War.”
            The Bush administration, he asserts, “was closely involved in
            the planning of Israel’s retaliatory attacks.”20 What do you
            think of Hersh’s reporting?




                                         - 18 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 19




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             He’s a terriﬁc reporter, and I’m sure he’s reporting exactly
             what was told to him. But his sources are intelligence ofﬁ-
             cials and diplomats, often unnamed. Their task is not to
             tell people the truth but to tell people what they want
             them to hear. You’ve got to understand that any report
             from an unidentiﬁed intelligence or diplomatic source is
             what they want you to believe. It may or may not be true.
                  I have no special sources, but I drew pretty much the
             same conclusions as Hersh, with some modiﬁcation. For
             one thing, it cannot be that the United States was in-
             volved in the detailed planning of the attack on Lebanon
             because it took place instantly, within hours of the cap-
             ture of the Israeli soldiers, in fact. So there was no time
             for detailed planning. Israel obviously had contingency
             plans, of course, just as I’m sure there are contingency
             plans to drive the whole population of the West Bank into
             Jordan or the Gulf. Every state has contingency plans, but
             Israel’s decision to implement them probably was made
             in consultation with Washington. Israel saying “Give us a
             green light and we go ahead,” though, is different from
             the United States planning the attack.
                  Hersh suggests in his article that one of the goals of the
             United States was to eliminate a Lebanese deterrent to a
             U.S. attack on Iran. You can be pretty conﬁdent this is true,
             since a major deterrent to a potential U.S.-Israeli attack on
             Iran is the possibility of a Hezbollah attack on Israel in re-
             action. Rightly or wrongly, the United States and Israel




                                          - 19 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 20




                                   Noam Chomsky



            thought that they could get rid of that deterrent with a
            massive air attack on southern Lebanon.

            In her book Israel/Palestine, Tanya Reinhart reviews the
            record of Ariel Sharon and Ehud Barak on Lebanon. She
            writes that Sharon hoped to “create a ‘new order’ in Lebanon.
            Since that failed, and the Israeli occupation of Southern
            Lebanon turned out to be more and more costly over the
            years, Sharon developed a new plan: Israel should withdraw
            unilaterally from Lebanon”—which it did in May 2000—
            “thus achieving the world’s recognition as the peaceful side.”
            Sharon’s strategy was that “Israel should then wait for some
            incident. Under the new circumstances, even the slightest in-
            cident will be viewed as a legitimate reason for Israel to
            launch a devastating attack against Lebanon and Syria.”21

            Reinhart is extremely acute. She knows the situation very
            well and has to be taken seriously.22 She’s an old friend,
            so take that into account. But I don’t think they intend to
            attack Syria. If they’re reasonable—I’m assuming ration-
            ality, which I think is a fair assumption in Israel’s case,
            though not necessarily in the case of Dick Cheney and
            Donald Rumsfeld—I think Israel would be concerned
            about the nature of the successor regime in Syria. Bashar
            al-Assad is doing pretty much what Israel wants. He is
            keeping quiet. He is letting Israel take over—illegally, of
            course, annexing the Syrian Golan Heights—and not
            making much of a fuss about it. Syria is very weak as a


                                         - 20 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 21




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             military force. So from Israel’s point of view, the govern-
             ment in Syria is more or less acceptable. A successor
             regime is likely to be an Islamic fundamentalist one, an-
             other Hezbollah, and may turn to guerrilla warfare,
             which is the last thing Israel wants. So my suspicion is
             that Israel doesn’t want to attack Syria.
                 A “new order” in Lebanon is an old plan. Even before
             Israel was established in 1948, there were ideas about set-
             ting up a client regime in Lebanon, a Maronite state. It’s
             no secret that the main purpose of the 1982 invasion was
             to put an end to the embarrassing PLO calls for negotia-
             tions and to drive the PLO out of Lebanon. It was de-
             scribed as a war “to defend the Galilee,” but in fact it was
             an invasion to take over the West Bank. A secondary goal
             was to institute a Maronite client regime in Lebanon.
             Other Israeli commentators have also reached the same
             conclusion as Reinhart. Uri Avnery, who is closer to the
             establishment but nonetheless a critic, has said that the
             goal of the current invasion is to revitalize Sharon’s old
             plan of installing a Maronite kingdom.23 That may be. I
             don’t know, but I kind of doubt it. You could imagine
             Israel getting away with this in 1982—they almost did—
             but now it’s pretty hard to imagine. For one thing, the
             Maronites are split. One large segment, led by General
             Michel Aoun, is linked more or less to Hezbollah. In ad-
             dition, the Maronites have nowhere near the power they
             had back in 1982, when they had a big armed militia sup-
             ported by Israel.


                                         - 21 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 22




                                   Noam Chomsky



            The Israeli military has a vaunted reputation for performance
            in past wars. Siddharth Varadarajan, writing in the Hindu on
            August 14, had this comment to make: “More than 30 years of
            enforcing a military occupation and fighting children and
            poorly equipped guerrillas have clearly taken their toll on the
            ability of the legendary Israeli army to fight a full-fledged
            war.”24

            I’m not a military expert, but I don’t quite agree. I think
            that if Israel were to have a war with, say, Syria, it
            wouldn’t be a six-day war, it would probably be a ﬁfteen-
            minute war. I think that’s the kind of war Israel can prob-
            ably still ﬁght, as opposed to a serious guerrilla war. And
            here Hezbollah is unique. Israel is ﬁghting a guerrilla
            movement that is deeply entrenched in the population
            and, from a military point of view, pretty sophisticated.
            They bombed and bombed, and they didn’t get any-
            where. Israel didn’t want to send in ground troops be-
            cause Israel knew they would be ﬁghting a guerrilla war,
            the same kind that drove them out of Lebanon in the ﬁrst
            place. And when they went in, they had tough going
            everywhere. The Hezbollah forces were behind them, in
            front of them. It was kind of like ﬁghting what the United
            States called the Viet Cong, the ofﬁcial propaganda term
            for the National Liberation Front forces in South Vietnam,
            who were really just the population. Not only is that
            tough on your own forces, but it’s a war against the popu-
            lation, and we know what that means. When they say


                                         - 22 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 23




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             they’re attacking “Hezbollah targets,” that means they’re
             attacking civilian society. Take south Beirut, where I was a
             couple of months ago. It’s a poor part of the city and is a
             “Hezbollah target.” Most of the population are Shiites
             who support Hezbollah or Amal, which is a close ally of
             Hezbollah, with about the same program, so if you want
             to attack Hezbollah you have to attack the civilian society.
                  You can also get fanatics, like Alan Dershowitz,
             who said that more than 80 percent of Lebanese sup-
             port the Hezbollah resistance, so therefore all Lebanese
             are legitimate targets.25 So if anybody supports resis-
             tance to the holy state, they are a legitimate target for
             destruction. Try to ﬁnd an analogue for that. I’ve been
             thinking, and I haven’t been able to ﬁnd one. So, way
             out at the hysterical extreme, you get Dershowitz’s
             view. And from there on over, you get to the moderates,
             who say that the attack on Lebanese civilians is
             “disproportionate.”26 It’s not disproportionate, it’s
             outrageous.
                  Nobody is pure as the driven snow. But the problem
             we should be concerned with is the United States. After
             all, that’s us. That’s what we’re doing.

             After the assassination of the former Lebanese prime minister
             Rafik Hariri on February 14, 2005, there were mass street
             demonstrations, a so-called Cedar Revolution was encouraged
             by the United States. Syrian troops left the country. There was
             going to be a new era in Lebanon.


                                          - 23 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 24




                                   Noam Chomsky



            First of all, after the Cedar Revolution, antagonism to-
            ward and suspicion of the United States in Lebanon was
            even higher than suspicion of Syria. George Bush would
            like to take credit for the Cedar Revolution, but the
            Lebanese see it differently. The Cedar Revolution was a
            Lebanese program. France and the United States for once
            didn’t impede a move toward democracy—again for
            their own cynical reasons—but that’s about the most you
            can say.
                 From Washington’s perspective, any democracy that
            emerges has to be one subordinated to U.S. interests. The
            United States wants Lebanon to become a commercial
            and ﬁnancial center run for the wealthy. One of the rea-
            sons that Hezbollah became so powerful is that the
            Lebanese government did essentially nothing for poorer
            Shiites in south Beirut and south Lebanon. Hezbollah’s
            prestige comes not just from leading the guerrilla forces
            that drove Israel out of Lebanon in 2000, but from provid-
            ing social services—health, education, ﬁnancial aid. For
            many Lebanese, Hezbollah is the government. As with
            other Islamic fundamentalist movements, that’s the basis
            for its enormous popular support. You don’t want to have
            nonstate actors, especially military ones, inside a state,
            but unless the fundamental problems are dealt with,
            that’s going to happen. It’s almost inevitable. In fact, the
            United States and Israel substantially helped create Is-
            lamic fundamentalist extremism by destroying secular
            nationalism. If you destroy secular nationalism, people


                                         - 24 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 25




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             aren’t going to just say, “Okay, cut my throat.” They’re
             going to turn somewhere else. And that somewhere else
             has been extremist religious fanaticism.
                  In fact, sometimes these movements are actively en-
             couraged. Since the Second World War, the United
             States has been the world’s strongest outside supporter
             of extremist Islamic fundamentalism. Washington’s old-
             est and most valued ally in the Arab world is Saudi Ara-
             bia. Iran looks like a democratic heaven in comparison.
             The threat to Saudi Arabian religious extremist tyranny
             was secular nationalism, mainly embodied by Gamal
             Abdel Nasser. So Nasser became an enemy because he
             threatened the U.S. base of extremist religious funda-
             mentalism, Saudi Arabia, which happens to control the
             oil, the underlying reason. In 1967, Israel performed a
             huge service to the United States, to Saudi Arabia, and
             the energy corporations by essentially eliminating secu-
             lar Arab nationalism, which was threatening to use the
             resources of the region for the needs of its own popula-
             tion. That’s intolerable. They’re “our” resources, as
             George Kennan said a long time ago, and we have to
             “protect” them.27
                  The same thing has happened time after time. Israel
             created Hamas by destroying the secular Palestine Lib-
             eration Organization, which was calling for negotia-
             tions and settlement. Since that was the last thing Israel
             and the United States wanted, they destroyed it. And
             then what happened? The population didn’t disintegrate.


                                         - 25 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 26




                                   Noam Chomsky



            They turned to something else, in this case, religious fun-
            damentalism. The jihadi movement already existed in the
            1970s—they were responsible for the assassination of An-
            war Sadat in 1981—but was mainly Egyptian-based until
            the United States gave them a huge shot in the arm by or-
            ganizing them to ﬁght the Russians in Afghanistan. Not
            for the Afghans—the U.S. mobilization probably pro-
            longed the Russian occupation—but against the Cold
            War enemy.
                In Pakistan, which is now a major center for radical
            Islamism, the movement began with former president
            Muhammad Zia ul-Haq, who was strongly supported by
            the Reagan administration. In fact, all through its tenure,
            the Reagan administration pretended that Zia wasn’t de-
            veloping nuclear weapons. Of course they knew that he
            was. But every year they would religiously certify that
            Pakistan was not developing nuclear weapons because
            they wanted to support their radical, extremist, funda-
            mentalist friend. They knew perfectly well that Saudi
            Arabia was funding the extremist madrassas, the reli-
            gious schools that undermined the Pakistani educational
            system, which had been pretty good beforehand. People
            like Pervez Hoodbhoy, a Pakistani nuclear physicist, now
            deplore that you can’t get students to study the sciences
            because schools teach only the Koran. That wasn’t true
            in the past. All of these developments were supported
            by the Reagan administration. A number of the same
            Reagan-era ofﬁcials are in ofﬁce again now.


                                         - 26 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 27




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



                 They’re ecumenical. Washington will support anyone
             who accords with U.S. policies. Saddam Hussein hap-
             pened to be a secular maniac, but they supported him,
             too. When he invaded Iran, the United States favored
             that. In fact, they pretty much won the war for him.

             What is the relationship among Shiites in Iraq, Iran, and in
             Lebanon?

             You have to give Donald Rumsfeld, Dick Cheney,
             and Paul Wolfowitz credit. They have created a Shiite-
             dominated state in Iraq that has close links to Iran and
             may turn out to be another religious fundamentalist
             state. They created it—it wasn’t there before. Whatever
             they thought they were doing, that’s what they achieved.
             In fact, the Iraqi parliament passed a resolution con-
             demning the Israeli invasion of Lebanon.28 Iraqi prime
             minister Nuri al-Maliki made a strong statement con-
             demning the invasion.29 He got a lot of ﬂak about that
             when he came to the United States. Some Democratic
             congressional representatives boycotted him because he
             dared to condemn a U.S.-Israeli invasion of another
             country.30 You’re not allowed to do that. For a liberal
             Democrat, that’s outrageous.

             The relentless carnage and mayhem in Iraq has even driven the
             Pulitzer Prize–winning columnist of the New York Times
             Thomas Friedman, a big supporter of the invasion, to back off


                                         - 27 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 28




                                   Noam Chomsky



            from his earlier position.31 Where do you see U.S. policy in Iraq
            going?

            The United States has a real dilemma. All the talk about
            withdrawal strategies is essentially worthless unless we
            face a fundamental point: the United States cannot easily
            withdraw from Iraq. It cannot leave Iraq as a sovereign,
            independent state. “Cannot” is too strong, but it would be
            an immense defeat, nothing like Vietnam. The analogies
            are worthless. In the case of Vietnam, they could destroy
            the country, walk out, and basically win the war. Those
            were their major objectives: killing a “virus” that might
            “infect” others by independent development, maybe un-
            dermining the U.S. position in much of Asia if the “infec-
            tion” spread. They didn’t achieve the maximal objectives
            in Vietnam, but they achieved the main ones. You can’t
            do that in Iraq. It’s much too valuable. Not only in itself—
            Iraq has the second-largest oil reserves in the world, and
            very accessible ones—but because of its position right in
            the center of the world’s main energy-producing regions.
            Iraq borders Iran and Saudi Arabia. It would be a night-
            mare for them to leave Iraq to its own population, which
            would, of course, have a Shiite majority and would tighten
            its relations with Iran, as it’s already begun doing.
                 By a strange accident of geography, the major energy
            reserves of the world happen to be in Shiite-dominated
            areas. Saudi Arabia has the world’s major energy re-
            serves. Saudi reserves are concentrated mostly right on


                                          - 28 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 29




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             the border with Iraq, which has a very large Shiite popu-
             lation that has been bitterly repressed by the U.S.-backed
             tyranny and is being spurred to move for greater rights,
             maybe even autonomy, by the fact that Iraqi Shiites are
             now gaining some degree of control over policy in Iraq.
             So you have the possibility of a kind of loose Shiite
             alliance—including mostly Shiite Iran, Shiite Iraq, and
             the Shiite corner of Saudi Arabia—independent of Wash-
             ington and controlling most of the world’s energy.
                  As if that isn’t bad enough, this alliance could well
             turn toward the East. The United States can intimidate Eu-
             rope, but it can’t intimidate China, which is one of the rea-
             sons for the fears about China. The Chinese have been
             around for three thousand years, and just won’t be intimi-
             dated. The United States tells the Chinese to back off in the
             Middle East, but they continue to invest. When President
             Hu Jintao of China visited here last year, the Bush admin-
             istration thought they could insult him by denying him a
             state dinner; they could just have a state lunch.32 He was
             polite. Then he turned the insult around very elegantly by
             ﬂying from Washington to Saudi Arabia, where he was
             royally welcomed.33 He made new investment and trade
             relations with Saudi Arabia. China is now one of Saudi
             Arabia’s leading trading partners and is providing them
             with military equipment. This must terrify the civilian
             planners in the Pentagon. Saudi Arabia is the chief jewel.
                  All these factors are related to the question of with-
             drawal from Iraq. It’s not a technical question of how you


                                         - 29 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 30




                                   Noam Chomsky



            get the troops out. It has little to do with civil war in Iraq.
            The United States is really not too concerned about that.
            In fact, the occupation is probably increasing the civil
            war. The United States has real motives in staying. And
            you can’t present sensible plans if you don’t pay attention
            to the motives. The main motive is that a sovereign,
            mildly democratic Iraq would be an utter catastrophe for
            U.S. planners.

            Neoconservative stalwart Bill Kristol recently suggested in the
            Weekly Standard that, in response to “Iranian aggression,”
            the United States should seriously consider “a military strike
            against Iranian nuclear facilities.”34

            As Kristol certainly knows, the shoe is on the other foot.
            The Iranian government has been proposing negotia-
            tions for years. We now know, and he undoubtedly
            knows, that in 2003 the moderate Khatami government,
            with the approval of the hard-line clerical rulers, offered
            to negotiate all outstanding issues with the United
            States.35 That included nuclear issues. It also included a
            two-state settlement for the Israel-Palestine problem,
            which, as I mentioned, Iran ofﬁcially supports. The Bush
            administration didn’t reject the negotiation offer. It
            didn’t even reply to it. Its response was to censure the
            Swiss diplomat who brought the offer.36
                It’s the United States that’s refusing negotiations. The
            big hoopla that Iran is now willing to negotiate seriously


                                         - 30 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 31




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             because Condoleezza Rice has shifted policy is not true.37
             Iran’s government is not a nice one. There are all kinds of
             hideous things you can say about it. But the fact is, on the
             nuclear issue, they are the ones who offered negotiations.
             They are the ones who said that they would accept the
             two-state settlement on Israel-Palestine. But the United
             States is willing to “negotiate” only if Iran concedes the
             result of the negotiations before the negotiations begin.
             The negotiations are conditional on Iran stopping ura-
             nium enrichment, which it’s legally entitled to do, but
             which is supposed to be the goal of negotiations.38 So,
             yes, we’ll negotiate if they ﬁrst concede in advance. And
             with a gun pointed at their heads, because we won’t
             withdraw the threats against Tehran. Washington has
             made that very clear. We continue the threats, which are a
             violation of the UN Charter. In other words, the United
             States is still refusing to negotiate.
                  The issue of enriching uranium to weapons grade is a
             very serious problem. The fate of the species depends on
             it. If such enrichment continues, we may not survive
             much longer. There are proposals as to how to deal with
             the problem. The major one comes from Mohamed ElBa-
             radei, the highly respected head of the International
             Atomic Energy Agency and Nobel Prize laureate. His
             proposal is that production of weapons-grade ﬁssile ma-
             terials be placed under international control and supervi-
             sion. Anyone who wants to apply for ﬁssile materials can
             apply to the IAEA for peaceful use.39 That’s a very sensible


                                         - 31 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 32




                                   Noam Chomsky



            proposal. As far as I’m aware, there is only one country in
            the world that has accepted it—Iran. Try to ﬁnd a refer-
            ence to that somewhere.

            David Korten has a new book out called The Great Turning.40
            He describes a perfect storm that is looming consisting of three
            elements: peak oil, climate change, and the collapse of the U.S.
            dollar.

            Those are all problems, but I think a much more serious
            one than any of them is the threat of nuclear war. It’s not
            talked about much except in professional circles. If you
            read the literature by strategic analysts on disarmament,
            nuclear war is regarded as a serious and growing threat,
            a threat that’s been very sharply increased by the Bush
            administration’s aggressive militarism. And this is not
            an exotic position. When you get somebody like Robert
            McNamara warning that current policies are leading to
            what he called “apocalypse soon,” you know this is very
            serious.41
                The threat of environmental destruction is also very
            serious, but it’s not as imminent—though the longer we
            delay in dealing with it, the worse it will be.
                As far as the collapse of the dollar is concerned, that’s
            sort of a mixed story. Almost every economist knows that
            the United States is going to have to do something about
            the huge trade deﬁcit. And there is only one thing you
            can do, and that is to weaken the dollar, which will


                                         - 32 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 33




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             increase inﬂation and the cost of commodities for con-
             sumers, but also could lead to a rise in exports and in
             manufacturing jobs.
                  As for peak oil, that might actually be a blessing if it’s
             close. People talk about it as a catastrophe, but what
             they’re failing to notice is that continued use of oil could
             cause a worse catastrophe, maybe only one generation
             from now. Oil is ﬁnite. So at some point it will no longer
             be economical to use oil. When that will be, nobody really
             knows. There are many ambiguities, including whether
             it’s not going to be economically possible to reﬁne oil
             from tar sands or to exploit other oil that’s currently hard
             to access. It may turn out that Venezuela has the largest
             reserves in the world, by some measures.42 It’s just very
             hard to get to. But peak oil will come.
                  If this situation leads to sensible steps toward recon-
             structing our society and we accommodate to the fact that
             we cannot keep polluting the atmosphere, we cannot
             keep destroying the environment or else we’ll all die; if
             that happens sooner, ﬁne. If it means that the Bush ad-
             ministration or a successor administration will mitigate
             this impending catastrophe, that would be good. And it
             may even be good for the economy, contrary to what’s al-
             most always said. Conservation, for example, is in many
             ways good for the economy. These are measures that can
             be undertaken right away. We can examine alternative en-
             ergy resources and a change in lifestyle, which is not nec-
             essarily harmful. There is nothing great about being able


                                          - 33 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 34




                                   Noam Chomsky



            to sit in a trafﬁc jam in New York in your Hummer. It’s
            not the peak of existence.
                There are plenty of other real threats. The health care
            problem is very severe. The United States has the worst
            health care system in the industrial world and costs about
            twice per capita that of other industrial societies, with
            some of the worst outcomes in the industrial world.43
            And costs are continuing to go up for reasons that people
            understand pretty well: the extraordinary power of the
            pharmaceutical industries, which are state-subsidized but
            want to ensure that drug prices keep escalating, and the
            privatized health system, which is extremely inefﬁcient
            and costly. That’s another serious problem, which our
            children and grandchildren are left to worry about, un-
            less we deal with it the way the large majority of the pop-
            ulation wants: a universal health care program. It’s not
            utopian exactly to say that we should have a system at
            least as efﬁcient as that of other industrial societies.

            There has been a persistence of various theories about Septem-
            ber 11 alleging direct or indirect Bush administration partici-
            pation in the attacks. Why do you think that is?

            First of all, I don’t think much of those theories, but I am
            bombarded with letters about this subject. It’s not only a
            huge industry but it’s kind of a fanatic industry. Many
            other people think I ought to change my priorities. But of
            the couple hundred letters I’m getting every day, the


                                         - 34 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 35




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             ﬂood that’s really abusive, which says, “It’s your respon-
             sibility to set this as your highest priority and to drop
             everything else,” is coming from the “9/11 truth” people.
             It’s almost a kind of religious fanaticism.
                  There are some questions you have to ask. One has to
             do with the physical evidence. There are the unexplained
             coincidences, personal accounts, and so on, which don’t
             amount to much. That’s found in any complex world event.
             With regard to the physical evidence, can you become a
             highly qualiﬁed civil and mechanical engineer and expert
             in the structure of buildings by spending a couple of hours
             on the Internet? If you can, we can get rid of the civil and
             mechanical engineering departments at MIT. Why go to
             the university? If you really believe any of this evidence,
             then there is an easy way to proceed. Go to specialists who
             can evaluate it. You may have found one physicist some-
             where, though as far as I know no one has been willing to
             submit anything to a serious professional peer-reviewed
             journal. But that aside, you can go to the civil and mechani-
             cal engineering departments. Maybe the “9/11 truth move-
             ment” believes they’re all in on the conspiracy. If it’s that
             vast, we may as well forget it. These people claim that
             they’re afraid. There is nothing to be afraid of. It’s one of
             the safest positions to take among those who are critical of
             power, as anyone with experience in these matters knows.
             In fact, it’s treated rather tolerantly by power centers.
                  Which takes us to another question. Why is this dis-
             cussion of 9/11 treated so tolerantly? I suspect people in


                                         - 35 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 36




                                   Noam Chomsky



            positions of power like it. It’s diverting enormous
            amounts of energy away from the real crimes of the ad-
            ministration, which are far more serious. Suppose they
            did blow up the World Trade Center? By their standards,
            that’s a minor crime. Increasing the threat of nuclear war
            and environmental disaster is a far worse crime, which
            might lead to extinction of the species. Take the invasions
            of Iraq and Lebanon. Or look at what they’re doing to
            working people in the United States. We can go on and
            on. They’re committing real crimes, and there is very lit-
            tle protest about it. One of the reasons—not the only one,
            of course—is that so much potential activist energy is di-
            rected into 9/11 discussions. From the point of view of
            power centers, that’s great. We’ll give these people expo-
            sure on C-SPAN and have their books right up front at the
            local bookstores. A pretty tolerant reaction. We sort of say
            we think it’s a bad joke, but you don’t get the kind of re-
            action you do when you really go after hard issues.
                 So, yes, it’s a terrible drain of energy away from
            much more serious problems. And I don’t think the evi-
            dence is serious. I don’t think the people who are pre-
            senting the physical evidence are even in a position to
            evaluate it. These are hard technical questions. What
            doesn’t seem to be understood is that there is a reason
            scientists do experiments. They don’t just take video-
            tapes of what’s happening out the window. The reason is
            that what’s happening out the window involves so many
            variables you don’t understand what you’re getting in


                                         - 36 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 37




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             this complex mess. You can ﬁnd all kinds of unexplained
             coincidences, apparent violations of the laws of nature.
             Even with controlled experiments, there are plenty of
             problems. You read the letters columns of science jour-
             nals, you will ﬁnd countless examples. So the fact that
             you’re ﬁnding out this happened, that happened, and so
             on, doesn’t mean anything.
                 The “Who beneﬁts from 9/11?” argument has little
             force. I think in my ﬁrst interview after 9/11, I made the
             not very brilliant prediction that every power system in
             the world would immediately exploit this for their own
             purposes.44 So Russia will step up its atrocities in Chech-
             nya, Israel will in the West Bank, Indonesia will in Aceh,
             China in western China. In the United States, it was ex-
             ploited, as we know, but also in ways that weren’t very
             well advertised.
                 One of the ways 9/11 was exploited was just reported
             in an excellent investigative report in the Wall Street Jour-
             nal about how major corporations used 9/11 to give their
             top management huge stock options.45 The stock market
             was closed for a couple of days, and everybody feared
             that when it reopened, it was going to collapse. So they
             gave out stock options at a very low price timed for the
             day of the opening. And, of course, the stocks were going
             to go back up. So it was a huge bonanza for the CEOs and
             top management. That’s one way to exploit 9/11. And
             there are others. Almost every government instituted mea-
             sures to control their own population more intensively,


                                         - 37 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 38




                                   Noam Chomsky



            and so on. The Bush administration did, too. So the fact
            that some people beneﬁted doesn’t tell you anything.
                The whole idea completely lacks credibility. If there
            were any truth to the claims about 9/11, it would require
            a huge conspiracy, involving the airline industries, the
            media, the faking of the planes. A lot of people in the ad-
            ministration would have had to know. You could never
            get away with it. Even a dictatorship couldn’t get away
            with it. It’s a very chancy operation. The chances of a leak
            are pretty high. It would be exposed in no time. If there
            was even the slightest leak, these guys would be lined up
            before ﬁring squads, and that’s the end of the Republican
            Party forever. And all to gain what? A pretext for what
            they were going to do anyway, and they always could
            have found another pretext.

            So what is the real appeal of these claims about 9/11?

            I think it’s a lot like the appeal of the fundamentalist
            evangelical religions. People are very suspicious, rightly.
            They don’t trust institutions. The society has been atom-
            ized. There is plenty of activism and popular organiza-
            tion, but the unions are mostly gone, and political parties
            don’t exist. It’s one of the reasons why most of the ac-
            tivism comes out of churches.
                 So, you have people who don’t like what’s going on,
            who have been through very hard times, who don’t trust
            anything, don’t like what’s happening, and have no way


                                         - 38 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 39




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             to react. So they latch on to something. And the Internet
             has a dangerous effect. The Internet is terriﬁcally useful
             for getting information, for activism, for all sorts of
             things. But it has a downside. One person can come up
             with theory on a blog, and it has minimal credibility, but
             then ﬁve other people see it, and pretty soon you get ex-
             ponential growth and have a huge industry reinforcing it-
             self. There are a number of these industries. The 9/11
             movement is one of them, but there are plenty of others.
             It’s easy for that to happen in an atomized, depoliticized
             society.
                  I get a ﬂood of e-mail. And quite a lot of it, many let-
             ters a day, comes from very sincere, honest people say-
             ing, “Tell me what I can do.” These e-mails are almost
             always from wealthy, privileged sectors. Not the super-
             wealthy, but from people who are privileged enough to
             sit down in the evening and write a letter to someone. In
             a third world country, people don’t say “Tell me what to
             do,” they tell you what they’re doing. But in a place
             where people have a very high level of freedom by com-
             parative standards, people always ask, “What can I do?”
             And then they say, here’s something I can do. I can be-
             come a qualiﬁed civil engineer in an hour, and prove that
             Bush blew up the World Trade Center.
                  I’m pretty sure that in Washington they must be clap-
             ping. A couple of years ago, I came across a Pentagon doc-
             ument that was about declassiﬁcation procedures. Among
             other things, it proposed that the government should


                                         - 39 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 40




                                   Noam Chomsky



            periodically declassify information about the Kennedy
            assassination.46 Let people trace whether Kennedy was
            killed by the maﬁa, so activists will go off on a wild-
            goose chase instead of pursuing real problems or getting
            organized. It wouldn’t shock me if thirty years from now
            we discover in the declassiﬁed record that the 9/11 indus-
            try was also being fed by the administration.




                                         - 40 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM       Page 41




                                   t   h     r      e   e




                   Latin America:
                  Stirrings in the
                Servants’ Quarters
                    Cambridge, Massachusetts (September 29, 2006)


             In Hegemony or Survival, you quote Thucydides, “Large na-
             tions do what they wish, while small nations accept what they
             must.”1

             In my opinion, that’s one of the two leading principles of
             international relations. Most of international relations
             theory you can more or less dispense with, I think, but
             that’s a principle that is operative in international affairs.
             And I think it should be paired with a principle brought
             up by Adam Smith, who is greatly revered but not very
             much read. He pointed out—he was talking about England,
             of course—that the “principal architects” of state policy,
             the “merchants and manufacturers,” make sure that their
             own interests are “most particularly attended to,” however


                                           - 41 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 42




                                   Noam Chomsky



            “grievous” the consequences for others, including the
            people of England.2 That’s the second principle of inter-
            national relations. If you just think of these two simple
            axioms, you can account for a fair amount of state policy,
            almost independent of which state it is.

            A lot of attention was paid to Hugo Chávez’s speech in New
            York at the United Nations on September 20, 2006. He referred
            to Bush as “the devil” and made comments about “sulfur”
            coming from the podium.3 Here in the United States, there is a
            tendency to attack Bush personally, with a lot of name-calling.
            Do you think that’s useful?

            First of all, I disagree with your ﬁrst statement. I think no
            attention was paid to Chávez’s speeches, either at the
            General Assembly on September 20, which was at least
            mentioned, or the much more important one he gave at
            the General Assembly last year.4 In his 2005 speech,
            Chávez talked about reintroducing the concept of a new
            international economic order, a proposal that was spon-
            sored by the former colonial countries, the nonaligned
            movement in the 1970s, and put forward by the United
            Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNC-
            TAD), the main UN development agency. This was a very
            serious program to try to bring the so-called third world
            into international affairs on a slightly more equal footing.
            That was shot down very fast. Instead, the rich countries,
            primarily the United States, instituted almost the opposite,


                                         - 42 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 43




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             the so-called neoliberal order. Those are important issues
             for most of the world—but not here.
                  Chávez also brought up crucial questions about UN
             reform, suggested that the United Nations be placed in
             an international city, in the south, where most of the
             world’s population is. He brought up questions about
             energy consumption. Venezuela is an oil producer, of
             course, but he said there is far too much oil used for en-
             ergy production, which is very destructive of the envi-
             ronment. Socioeconomic orders have to be signiﬁcantly
             modiﬁed, particularly in the rich industrial countries, to
             reduce the catastrophic consequence of using oil for en-
             ergy production, cars, heating, and so on. He talked
             about the UN millennium goals.5 And he reiterated the
             importance of maintaining the constraints on the threat
             and use of force in international affairs in the UN Char-
             ter. Here he’s re-endorsing the UN High-level Panel on
             Threats, Challenges, and Change.6 That was a very seri-
             ous speech. As far as I could see, it received barely any
             coverage at all.
                  As to the recent speech mentioning Bush as the devil
             and talking about the smell of sulfur, I don’t think it’s con-
             structive. I don’t like Donald Rumsfeld’s rhetoric when he
             compares Chávez to Hitler or Nancy Pelosi’s when she
             calls him a “thug.”7 But that’s not very interesting. If there
             really were newspapers in the country, they would talk
             about Rumsfeld’s policies and Chávez’s policies, not what
             rhetoric they use. That’s gossip.


                                         - 43 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 44




                                   Noam Chomsky



                 To get back to your question, though, about people
            here calling Bush names, that’s very constructive—for the
            radical right. It is as if these people have been pro-
            grammed by Karl Rove. Rove wants to have the liberal
            critics ridicule Bush because he says “nucular” and “mis-
            underestimate” and talks with a probably fake Texas ac-
            cent. In fact, my suspicion is he’s probably been trained to
            make grammatical errors—he didn’t talk like that at
            Yale—so he’ll be ridiculed by liberals, and then he can
            say, “See, those elite liberals who run the world and are
            sitting around drinking French wine and eating quiche
            don’t understand us ordinary guys.” Regular guys like
            the guy working on the assembly line and George Bush,
            who is going back to his ranch to cut brush. That’s all part
            of the imagery. So if you want to contribute to that im-
            agery and to the success of the ultra-right, then you
            should make fun of George Bush’s accent and engage in
            other forms of ridicule. But that rhetoric is destructive
            and childish. And the same holds true of everyone else’s
            rhetoric.
                 What’s important is the content, which was systemat-
            ically evaded in the discussions of Chávez’s recent
            speech. If I had the resources, I’d like to do a media
            search and see if there were any references to the substance
            of his remarks. After all, if you read the New York Times
            news account, what’s called a news account, it was mostly
            kind of gossip and making fun of the speech. However, the
            Times did include a sentence that was interesting. The


                                         - 44 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 45




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             reporter said Chávez received “loud applause that lasted
             so long that the organization’s ofﬁcials had to tell the
             cheering group to cut it out.”8 Any serious journalist or
             commentator would ask the next question: Why did
             Chávez receive prolonged applause? Is it because he
             called George Bush a devil? No. It was because he was ex-
             pressing a point of view that happens to be very widely
             accepted in the world. In fact, it’s the overwhelmingly
             dominant position. Chávez’s views are called “controver-
             sial.” It’s quite the opposite. It’s the views of the U.S. me-
             dia and commentators that are controversial.
                  There is nothing controversial about Chávez saying
             that the United States is one of the greatest threats to
             peace in the world. Take a look at polls in Europe—when
             people are asked to list the major threats to peace, the
             United States is way in the lead, far ahead of Iran or any-
             body else.9 So, unless you deﬁne the world as the New
             York Times editorial board, and others in the same circles,
             his statement is not controversial. What’s controversial is
             the U.S. position of saying it’s controversial. Those are the
             kinds of reports that newspapers should have run after
             Chávez’s speech.
                  Just about every article you see about Venezuela calls
             Chávez a “tinpot dictator.” By what standards is he a dic-
             tator? He’s been repeatedly elected in elections certiﬁed
             as free and fair. The media in Venezuela bitterly con-
             demn him in terms that are virtually unimaginable in
             the United States. There was a military coup that brieﬂy


                                         - 45 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 46




                                   Noam Chomsky



            overthrew him, supported by the top media and by the
            Bush administration.10 They’ve had a series of referen-
            dums, all of which Chávez has won handily, without any
            coercion that anyone knows about, certainly not by inter-
            national standards. Nothing like the gentleman from
            Kazakhstan who is being welcomed at the White House
            today, Nursultan Nazarbayev, who is really a dictator,
            and a brutal one.11 But that’s ﬁne. You might hear a few
            remarks about how maybe he’s not perfect or democracy
            has to come slowly, but he’s getting the red-carpet
            treatment.
                 The most important question is what do Venezuelans
            think about Chávez? That’s the question you ask about a
            political leader. And we know the answer. In the years
            that he’s been in ofﬁce, support for the elected govern-
            ment has steadily risen. It is now the highest in Latin
            America.12 That’s of some interest. The next question is:
            Why has support grown for Chávez? It’s because there
            are social programs that are helping the great majority of
            the population. Venezuela should be a very rich country.
            It has plenty of resources. It has a very small super-rich
            elite, some highly privileged sectors, and a huge mass of
            extremely impoverished people who apparently believe—
            you can argue about whether they’re right or not—that
            this is the ﬁrst government that’s ever cared about them.
            Is that undemocratic?
                 In fact, what’s called “undemocratic” by the United
            States is extremely interesting. For example, when Evo


                                         - 46 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 47




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             Morales in Bolivia made moves toward nationalization of
             Bolivia’s resources, he was condemned as authoritarian,
             dictatorial, attacking democracy.13 But did it matter that
             he was supported by about 95 percent of the popula-
             tion?14 Is that what “dictatorial” means? We have a partic-
             ular concept of democratic, which means “do what we
             say.” Then a country is democratic, or is becoming demo-
             cratic. But if a country does what the population wants,
             it’s not democratic. It’s shocking that people can’t see
             this.

             Thomas Friedman writes that Chávez “uses Venezuela’s oil
             riches to try to sway democratic elections in Latin America and
             promote an economic populism that will eventually lead his
             country into a ditch.”15

             It’s undoubtedly true that Chávez is trying to inﬂuence
             elections. Is that something new? You think that we don’t
             try to inﬂuence elections? Not only does the U.S. govern-
             ment work desperately to inﬂuence elections in other
             countries, but if they come out the wrong way, we punish
             the population. Is Chávez doing that?
                  If you don’t think countries should inﬂuence other
             countries’ elections, then shut down the National Endow-
             ment for Democracy and shut down the State Department,
             which is right now, for example, intervening massively in
             the Nicaraguan election. The ambassador—on Con-
             doleezza Rice’s orders, I presume—is telling the people


                                          - 47 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 48




                                   Noam Chomsky



            of Nicaragua, in effect, “If you don’t vote the way we say,
            we’re going to strangle you.”16
                 As to whether his policies will lead Venezuela into a
            ditch, Thomas Friedman is hardly an authority. The
            economic policies he supports have been a disaster for
            most of the global south. If you take a look at the last
            twenty-ﬁve years, growth rates have sharply declined in
            countries that have adopted the policies he loves. The
            countries that have done very well—China, South Korea,
            Taiwan—have done so by violating the rules that Fried-
            man advocates. These countries radically violated Inter-
            national Monetary Fund and World Bank rules—the
            Washington consensus, which he praises—and they grew.
            On the other hand, the countries that observed neoliberal
            rules rigorously had an extremely sharp decline in eco-
            nomic growth and just about every other macroeconomic
            measure.
                 In fact, the United States doesn’t follow the rules that
            it imposes on others. During the last twenty-ﬁve years, to
            the extent that there has been a limited imposition of ne-
            oliberalism in the United States, it’s been the worst pro-
            longed period in U.S. economic history. In a period of
            twenty-ﬁve years with no wars and no major recessions,
            real wages have stagnated for the majority of the popula-
            tion.17 When did that last happen? It’s true that the econ-
            omy has been great for Thomas Friedman and his
            friends—and for people like me, people in our income
            bracket. For the top half of one percent of the population,


                                         - 48 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 49




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             it’s just magniﬁcent. You can call it a golden age, if
             you like. But that’s certainly not true for most of the
             population.
                  Take Friedman’s favorite example, India, which just
             dazzles him. He goes on and on about the marvelous labs
             in Hyderabad. It’s true. I’ve been in the labs in Hyder-
             abad. They’re as good as MIT’s. But a couple of miles
             away, the rate of peasant suicides has risen very sharply
             as a result of the same policies.18 You turn government
             funding into support for software engineering and take it
             away from rural development—support for farmers, irri-
             gation, rural credit. So, you drive farmers to export pro-
             duction. Instead of producing food for the country and
             themselves, they produce, say, cotton, which requires
             high inputs, fertilizer and plenty of water, which are not
             available. And the prices ﬂuctuate radically. So one year
             you may make a lot of money and the next year you may
             make nothing. In agribusiness, it doesn’t matter that
             much. It kind of levels out and you have other crops. But
             if you’re a poor farmer and you can’t sell your crops one
             year, you can’t tell your children, “Don’t worry, we don’t
             have to eat this year. Maybe we’ll eat next year.” So you go
             into debt. Since the government doesn’t provide rural
             credit, thanks to the policies Friedman lauds, you borrow
             from a usurer at 40 percent interest. Then the next year
             you can’t pay him, so you’ve got to sell off your land.
             Pretty soon your children are starving and you can
             do nothing. That’s why the rate of peasant suicides is


                                         - 49 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 50




                                   Noam Chomsky



            sharply rising within eyesight of the marvels that Fried-
            man describes.
                As the journalist P. Sainath has pointed out, for the
            ﬁrst time in Indian history there is mass migration from
            the countryside.19 There always was migration during
            harvests. This is different. People are ﬂeeing the devas-
            tated countryside, where the large majority lives, and es-
            sentially pouring into the Mumbai slums. The most
            serious economic analyses—not the rave reviews on the
            op-ed page of the Times but real analyses—indicate that
            maybe 80 percent of the population or so is in the infor-
            mal economy, which is not even counted.20 In states such
            as Uttar Pradesh, which has about the same population as
            Pakistan, the conditions for women are probably worse
            than under the Taliban. Go around India, and that’s what
            you ﬁnd. There is growth, which is good. They’re im-
            proving roads, they have a big software program, they do
            have great labs. But for most of the population, it’s hardly
            heaven. Very far from it. And India is one of the better
            stories, because it didn’t observe the neoliberal rules. The
            Indian government has maintained control over capital
            ﬂows and ﬁnance, and has violated IMF rules in numer-
            ous ways.
                The countries in Latin America and southern Africa
            that adhered to the rules, on the other hand, are the worst
            disasters. These ﬁgures are muddled in the pronounce-
            ments by the World Bank and by many economists who




                                         - 50 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 51




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             argue that growth has really improved greatly and
             poverty has been reduced by neoliberal rules. The way
             they get these results is by mixing together two quite
             different things: one is export orientation and the other
             is following the Washington consensus, the neoliberal
             rules. So China, which has a population of one billion
             people, has been dedicated to export promotion but has
             also violated the neoliberal rules. If you muddle all of this
             together, you can say, “Well, the neoliberal rules work be-
             cause a billion Chinese had a high growth rate,” forget-
             ting that they had a high growth rate by violating the
             neoliberal rules. This kind of deception is going on all the
             time.
                 The rigorous application of neoliberal rules typically
             requires dictatorship, because people don’t like them. The
             most rigorous application was in Chile after the Pinochet
             coup in 1973. That’s when economists from the University
             of Chicago became involved. They could do anything they
             wanted. The country was under the rule of a vicious police
             state, so nobody could object. By 1982, under the inﬂuence
             of the “Chicago Boys,” Chile suffered probably the worst
             economic collapse of its history. The government had to
             step in and bail out virtually the whole of private industry
             and the banks. In fact, Chileans called this “the Chicago
             road to socialism.”21 The state ended up owning more of
             the economy under Pinochet than it had under Salvador
             Allende. That was the great neoliberal experiment. Finally,




                                         - 51 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 52




                                   Noam Chomsky



            the military itself couldn’t handle the situation anymore
            and turned it back over to civilians. And Chile slowly re-
            covered, with a mixed economy of a complex sort. It’s
            called a “free-market miracle,” but in fact the economy re-
            lies very heavily on a nationalized copper company,
            Codelco (Corporación Nacional del Cobre de Chile), which
            was originally nationalized by Allende. Pinochet didn’t
            dare privatize it. Codelco is very efﬁcient, apparently, and
            is the biggest copper producer in the world.22 It also pro-
            vides far more revenues to the state than the private com-
            panies, subsidizing social programs and other expenses.
            So if copper prices go up, Chile does ﬁne. And in other
            ways, the economy is somewhat liberated from the ortho-
            dox prescriptions that had devastated it.
                 The same is true in neighboring Argentina, which rig-
            orously followed IMF rules—that means Treasury Depart-
            ment rules, the ones that Thomas Friedman extols—and
            created a total catastrophe. Finally, Nestor Kirchner was
            elected. He radically violated IMF rules, and there was a
            very signiﬁcant recovery. Argentineans are now ridding
            themselves of the IMF, thanks in part to the fact that
            Venezuela helped them buy out their debt.23
                 That’s the real world. It’s different if you’re eating in
            elegant restaurants, meeting your rich friends, and read-
            ing the editorials in the Wall Street Journal.

            In Hegemony or Survival, you say that there is a “severe
            democracy deficit” in the United States.24


                                         - 52 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 53




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             I’ve discussed this in more detail in a later book, Failed
             States, running extensively through public opinion stud-
             ies and actual policy.25 There is an enormous gap between
             public opinion and policy. In 2005, for example, right af-
             ter the federal budget was announced, the Program on
             International Policy Attitudes, which also studies domes-
             tic issues, did an extensive poll on what people thought
             the budget ought to be. It turned out to be the inverse of the
             actual budget: where federal funding was going up, an
             overwhelming majority wanted it to go down. The public
             opposed increases in military spending overall and sup-
             plemental spending for Iraq and Afghanistan, which is
             going up even more now. Where the budget was going
             down—social expenditures, health, renewable energy,
             veterans’ beneﬁts, the United Nations—right across the
             board, the public wanted spending to increase.26
                  I asked a friend to see how many newspapers in the
             country reported this. Apparently not one. This is ex-
             tremely important news. The population is radically op-
             posed to government policy. Isn’t that important news in
             a democracy? What does that tell us about American
             democracy?
                  Just a few weeks ago, Paul Waldman had an op-ed in
             the leading liberal newspaper in the country, the Boston
             Globe, telling Democrats that they just don’t get it.27 He
             said Democrats still believe issues are important in
             elections—which happens to be false, since they don’t
             really think that—but the Republicans understand that


                                         - 53 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 54




                                   Noam Chomsky



            issues don’t matter. It’s imagery that matters. So what the
            Democrats have to do, Waldman says, is completely toss
            out whatever relics of democracy they have and advertise
            their candidates like lifestyle drugs on television. Then
            we’ll have real democracy. The popular view these days is
            that we have to understand how to “frame” issues better.
            All we have to do is change our rhetoric and to be as de-
            ceitful as the Republicans are. Let’s forget about issues,
            and just use the proper rhetoric.
                 When I was driving home the other day and listening
            to NPR—my masochist streak—they happened to have a
            long segment on Barack Obama.28 It was very favorable, re-
            ally enthusiastic. Here is a new star rising in the political
            ﬁrmament. I was listening to see if the report would say
            anything about his position on issues—any issue. Nothing.
            It was just about his image. I think they may have had a
            couple words about him being in favor of doing something
            about the climate. What are his positions? It just doesn’t
            matter. You read the articles. It’s the same. He gives hope.
            He looks right into your eyes when you talk to him. That’s
            what’s considered signiﬁcant. Not “Should we control our
            own resources? Should we nationalize our resources?
            Should we have water for people? Should we have health
            care systems? Should we stop carrying out aggression?”
            No. That’s not mentioned. Because our electoral system,
            our political system, has been driven to such a low level
            that issues are completely marginalized. You’re not sup-
            posed to know the information about candidates.


                                         - 54 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 55




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             A number of people are concerned about election fraud, citing
             Florida in 2000 and Ohio in 2004.

             First of all, personally I think those concerns are mis-
             placed. Yes, there is electoral fraud. It’s always been true.
             John F. Kennedy, for example, was apparently elected on
             the basis of voter fraud in Chicago, which shifted Illinois
             to him. But the much more serious problem is that elec-
             tions aren’t really taking place at all. When you have two
             candidates whose party managers disguise their posi-
             tions, if they even have positions, so that the population
             doesn’t know what the issues are and instead is being de-
             luded by imagery, you end up getting what we usually
             do, something like a statistical tie. It’s kind of like coin
             ﬂipping. If it turns out that the coin is a little bit biased,
             that’s not the problem. The real problem is that there was
             no election in any serious sense.
                 In 2000, it seems obvious that there was vote tamper-
             ing. In 2004, it’s possible that vote tampering helped put
             into ofﬁce an extremely radical reactionary statist clique
             that is doing immense harm to the world. In that sense
             voter fraud is important. But if you’re thinking about the
             functioning of democracy, what’s more important is that
             we don’t have real elections.
                 Take, say, the congressional elections in November.
             Every seat in the House of Representatives is coming
             up for a vote. But how many seats are being seriously
             contested in the next election? Maybe 5 or 10 percent.29


                                         - 55 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 56




                                   Noam Chomsky



            Incumbents almost always win, because they have the
            most funding. In fact, you can pretty well predict the out-
            come of elections with quite high probability just by look-
            ing at the relative amount of funding available to the
            candidates, which primarily means how much business
            support are they getting. Is that a democratic election,
            where a handful of seats are even contested? Even James
            Madison, who was not a democrat, would be turning over
            in his grave.

            Let’s go back to Latin America. You’ve reviewed some of the
            history between the United States and Venezuela. Talk about
            Juan Vicente Gómez and Marcos Pérez Jiménez.

            Maybe I should add to the maxims of Thucydides and
            Adam Smith a third rule of international affairs. That is,
            the people who hold the clubs insist on historical amne-
            sia. For us, history is kind of old, antiquated, boring stuff.
            Who cares about that? Let’s march on to a glorious future.
            But the people who are hit by the clubs tend to remember
            history, because they know that it matters and they see it
            being reenacted. Venezuela is a case in point. Venezuela
            was pretty much a British protectorate. When the oil
            age began, at around the end of the First World War,
            Woodrow Wilson, in another act of idealism, kicked the
            British out of Venezuela, took it over, supported the vi-
            cious Gómez dictatorship, and put Venezuelan oil under
            U.S. control. So everything was ﬁne. That continued right


                                         - 56 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 57




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             through Pérez Jiménez. He got a medal from the Eisen-
             hower administration. Again, a brutal dictator, but
             Venezuelan oil was kept available, controlled pretty much
             by U.S. corporations. And not just oil. Venezuela has other
             natural resources, and the small Venezuelan elite was en-
             riching itself by collaborating with the United States. They
             pretty much ran the government. There was a little devia-
             tion, with support for Rómulo Betancourt and a couple of
             other social democrats, but that’s pretty much the story.
                  Under the last pre-Chávez government, Venezuela
             was a neoliberal disaster. Poverty was imposed at such a
             level that there were massive riots. Chávez himself took
             part in an attempted military coup and spent some time
             in jail.30 The growth rate collapsed. The country was in a
             disaster. That’s all part of Venezuelans’ memory. Just as
             the 2002 coup is part of their memory, just as the current
             measures of subversion against the Chávez government
             are part of their memory.
                  Let’s just imagine that Iran had supported a military
             coup in the United States that overthrew the government
             before it was restored by popular reaction. Suppose that
             Iran came into the United States to “support democracy”
             by pouring money into what they would call pro-
             democracy organizations, namely, those opposed to the
             government. How would we like it? Would we call this
             “democracy promotion”?
                  Incidentally, it’s not just Venezuela where historical
             amnesia is crucial. It’s every other place, too. Take Iran.


                                         - 57 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 58




                                   Noam Chomsky



            For our history, there is one event, the hostage taking in
            1979, but Iranians don’t see it the same way. Iranian his-
            tory includes over half a century of unremitting torment
            of the people of Iran by the United States, beginning with
            the overthrow of the parliamentary government in 1953
            in a CIA and British coup, which reinstated the vicious
            tyrant Shah Reza Pahlavi, whom London and Washing-
            ton supported all through his atrocities. There was virtu-
            ally not a word about the shah’s torture, the Savak
            atrocities, and so on in the U.S. media.31 Nothing until
            1979.
                Finally, Jimmy Carter went to Tehran in 1977 and
            praised “the great leadership of the shah” and the “admi-
            ration and love” the people have for him.32 Carter’s com-
            ments infuriated a lot of Iranians. As soon as the shah
            was overthrown in 1979, the Carter administration al-
            most immediately tried to instigate a military coup.
            When that didn’t work, the Reagan administration
            turned to Saddam Hussein, who invaded Iran. The Rea-
            gan administration took Iraq off the list of states sponsor-
            ing terrorism so that they could provide their friend
            Saddam with substantial aid—including means to de-
            velop weapons of mass destruction, such as chemical
            weapons—and ended up with hundreds of thousands of
            Iranians being slaughtered, all with the support of the
            United States. This went on right through Saddam Hus-
            sein’s worst atrocities. Finally, Washington virtually en-
            tered the war directly and Iran capitulated, ﬁguring that


                                         - 58 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 59




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             it couldn’t ﬁght the United States.33 That’s all part of their
             memory in Iran.
                  Also part of their memory, I presume, is that the sup-
             port for Saddam Hussein continued. In fact, in 1989, after
             the war with Iran had ended, the United States invited
             Iraqi nuclear engineers to come here for advanced train-
             ing in how to develop nuclear weapons.34 I doubt if Irani-
             ans have forgotten that. It might make them a little
             cynical when they see the alleged concern about Iranian
             nuclear weapons. That’s over half a century of torture.
             Does that matter? It matters to people in Iran. It doesn’t
             matter to the guys who hold the clubs.

             Venezuela, along with Argentina, Cuba, and Uruguay, have
             started Telesur, which is a Latin American television channel
             that seeks to present news more from a grassroots perspective.
             It’s been described as kind of an Al Jazeera in Spanish. And the
             other initiative that Chávez has undertaken—which, again, is
             called “controversial” in the United States—is supplying
             home heating oil at discount prices to low-income communities
             in Boston, not very far from where we’re sitting, the South
             Bronx, and other poor areas.

             Let’s start with the heating oil. A group of U.S. politicians
             approached the major oil companies and asked politely if
             they could provide cheaper oil to help poor families last
             winter because prices were really high and people
             couldn’t afford heating. Only one responded—Citgo, a


                                          - 59 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 60




                                   Noam Chomsky



            Venezuelan-run company. Citgo agreed to provide oil at
            cheap rates to poor people around the United States.35
            That was bitterly condemned by the government, by
            the media, as Chávez just using his oil wealth to gain
            support—as if our foreign aid is totally altruistic. We
            never give aid for any political or other purpose. Chávez
            is also providing cheap oil to the Caribbean and South
            America. The Caribbean countries receive oil through the
            PetroCaribe program at basically discount prices, with
            cheap credit.36 Yes, that’s buying inﬂuence, undoubtedly.
                You could say the same about Operation Miracle in the
            Caribbean, a project in which, with Venezuelan ﬁnancial
            support, Cuban doctors are going to places like Jamaica to
            provide health care.37 Right now they’re concentrating on
            blindness, ﬁnding people who could have their sight re-
            stored by advanced surgical treatments. They’re taking
            them to Cuba to treat them. The patients come back to Ja-
            maica, and they can see. Cuba and Venezuela are doing
            exactly what we were all taught we’re supposed to do in
            graduate courses in economics: they’re pursuing their
            comparative advantage. The comparative advantage of
            Venezuela is oil. The comparative advantage of Cuba is
            highly trained, skilled professionals: doctors, teachers,
            nurses. So they’re basically exchanging them in Venezuela
            and Cuba, but also elsewhere.
                You think that has an effect on Jamaicans? You bet it
            does. This is just another example of Venezuelan imperi-
            alism, as if we couldn’t do the same thing. But if we were


                                         - 60 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 61




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             to do it, it would be called magniﬁcent humanitarianism.
             When Cuba and Venezuela do it, then it’s two tinpot dic-
             tators trying to run the world and destroy us. But it mat-
             ters to the people who receive the aid, just as buying up a
             large part of the Argentine debt to rid them of the IMF
             means something to people in Argentina. The pipeline
             that Venezuela has proposed running down to Argentina,
             if it is implemented, would be of great beneﬁt to the coun-
             tries of Latin America, a method of uniﬁcation, of moving
             toward some sort of energy integration and indepen-
             dence.38 The United States hates the idea, of course.
                   About Telesur, there is a very important background
             there, which of course we have suppressed here. I men-
             tioned earlier that Chávez had talked at the United Na-
             tions about reviving the new international economic
             order sponsored by the major nonaligned countries—
             most of the world—and by UNCTAD in the 1970s. There
             was also another idea, a new international information
             order. It was sponsored by the United Nations Educa-
             tional, Scientiﬁc, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO)
             in this case. The idea was to try to give third world coun-
             tries some sort of input into the international media sys-
             tem, instead of having it totally monopolized by a few
             rich Western powers, the United States primarily. This
             was bitterly attacked in the United States. Across the
             spectrum, it was derided as an effort to end the free press
             and to control journalists. The attacks were full of the
             most outrageous lies. The press, like the New York Times,


                                         - 61 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 62




                                   Noam Chomsky



            would not permit responses by UNESCO ofﬁcials.39 Fi-
            nally, the United States defunded UNESCO to try to pre-
            vent third world input into the international information
            system. They understand. The “free press” means we
            have a monopoly and you have to shut up and listen to
            what we say.
                So Telesur is attempting to revive aspects of the new
            international information order. The same is true of Al
            Jazeera. The U.S.-backed tyrants who run the oil states of
            the Middle East—Saudi Arabia and the rest of them—
            hate Al Jazeera. They despise it. And the United States
            despises Al Jazeera for the same reason: it’s an indepen-
            dent voice. You can’t have that. The United States
            bombed Al Jazeera facilities in Kabul and Baghdad and
            claimed these were accidents.40 I don’t think anybody
            with their eyes open believes that. When the United
            States was ﬁnally compelled by popular resistance to al-
            low an election in Iraq—they tried to prevent it in every
            possible way and, of course, are now taking credit for it—
            but when they couldn’t prevent it anymore, they tried to
            subvert it. The administration has sought in every way to
            stop Al Jazeera. One of the ways to gain control was by
            driving them out of Baghdad.41 You can’t have a free elec-
            tion if we don’t control everything.
                One of the most comical press conferences was when
            the emir of Qatar came to Washington. He was called on
            the carpet by Colin Powell, who tried to get him to shut
            down Al Jazeera. He had a press conference in which,


                                         - 62 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 63




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             tongue in cheek, he informed the media that in Qatar
             they believe in this thing called freedom of the press and,
             of course, it sometimes means that people say things we
             don’t like.42 The emir of Qatar ﬁnally, under U.S. pres-
             sure, proposed to privatize the station. The Bush admin-
             istration said that won’t work—you’ve got to close it
             down. There cannot be either a public or a private station
             that is independent of our control. That’s our concept of
             democracy promotion.
                  Al Jazeera is very widely watched in the Arab world.
             During the U.S.-Israeli invasion of Lebanon in the sum-
             mer of 2006, which practically destroyed the country, Al
             Jazeera’s correspondents were right on the ground. They
             showed the pictures. People saw what was happening.
             And it has an effect. Now they’re trying to open up an
             English television alternative.43 The last I heard, they
             have barely been able to get an entry. I think maybe one
             cable station somewhere is willing to pick it up. There is
             going to be tremendous resistance to Al Jazeera having
             access to the airwaves in English.
                  Telesur is an issue, too. The United States doesn’t have
             the power to shut it down. And Chávez isn’t going to listen
             to Bush and Rice when they tell him to close Telesur. I
             don’t know what will happen. But it is an alternative. It’s a
             voice that expresses the position of the vast majority of the
             world’s population, at least to some extent, whereas we in-
             sist on an information system that is under the control of
             the rich and powerful and works for their interests.


                                         - 63 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 64




                                   Noam Chomsky



            Could you talk about the significance of Venezuela joining the
            Mercosur trade area and the general integration that’s happen-
            ing in Latin America? In an article in the International
            Socialist Review you wrote, “Venezuela has forged probably
            the closest relations with China of any Latin American coun-
            try.”44 Why is that important?

            That is very signiﬁcant. This is the ﬁrst time since the
            Spanish conquest that Latin America has begun moves
            toward independence and integration. I have to qualify
            that—they have tried it before but were crushed. So, for
            example, Brazil had a moderately populist democratic
            government in the early 1960s. The Kennedy administra-
            tion organized a military coup that imposed a neo-Nazi
            national security state that was the ﬁrst of the plague that
            then spread throughout the continent to Chile, Argentina,
            Central America, and turned into one huge massacre. So
            people in Latin America have tried in the past, as they
            tried to free themselves from Spain. There were many ef-
            forts. But this is the ﬁrst one that has the chance of suc-
            ceeding, because by now they have extricated themselves
            to an extent from Western—ﬁrst European, then U.S.—
            control. Venezuela is playing a big role in this process,
            but it’s not the only country. We have seen a wave of
            democratic elections from Venezuela to Argentina with
            popular participation and a sort of leftist orientation.
                As most of South America drifts toward indepen-
            dence and integration, the major means of U.S. control


                                         - 64 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 65




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             have lost their power. Historically, one method of con-
             trol was violence, the mailed ﬁst, and another was eco-
             nomic pressure, which in the recent period has been
             exercised through the IMF, the Treasury Department,
             and the World Bank. Both are losing their efﬁcacy. The
             last effort of the United States to support violence, the
             traditional means, was in Venezuela during the coup in
             2002. Washington had to back down and now pretends
             it didn’t have anything to do with the coup. It backed
             down because of the popular reaction in Venezuela, but
             also because of the very strong negative reaction in Latin
             America. In Latin America, people just take democracy
             more seriously than in the West, certainly the United
             States.
                 I wouldn’t say the threat of violence is gone. The
             United States probably has more military forces in Latin
             America now than at the height of the Cold War. Train-
             ing of Latin American ofﬁcers has shot up, the School of
             the Americas–style training. In fact, I think for the ﬁrst
             time, U.S. military spending—what’s called aid to Latin
             America—is higher than the total amount of economic
             aid from key federal agencies.45 That never happened in
             the Cold War. And bases are going up all over the place.
             Preparations are being made for military action of one
             sort or another. But Washington doesn’t have the capac-
             ity that it had in the past. You can’t just instigate mili-
             tary dictatorships and then support them. So that’s
             lessened.


                                         - 65 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 66




                                   Noam Chomsky



                 The economic strangulation has also lessened. Ar-
            gentina kicking out the IMF is one example. Meanwhile,
            integration is going on, slowly. When Venezuela joined
            Mercosur, President Kirchner of Argentina and Lula da
            Silva of Brazil hailed it as a great step forward.46 How
            meaningful it will be, we have to wait to see. There are a lot
            of internal problems, but it’s the beginnings of integration.
                 If you look at the history of Latin American countries,
            they have been very disintegrated. The elites were ori-
            ented toward the West. The châteaus were in the Riviera.
            That’s where you take your vacations. Your children went
            to U.S. and European universities. Even the transporta-
            tion systems were oriented toward the West. Capital ﬂow
            went to the West, not into internal investment. But the in-
            tegration among the countries was very slight. In fact,
            there was a lot of conﬂict among Latin American coun-
            tries. This is beginning to be overcome.

            Is there greater south-south integration internationally?

            Look at China. It terriﬁes Washington planners. Why?
            Because Beijing is going to attack us? No. China is not a
            military threat. It’s building up in response to Bush mili-
            tarism, but a very slight one. In fact, it has practically no
            deterrent force. No, China is a threat because it is moving
            into Latin America, Saudi Arabia, Iran, and other coun-
            tries, which is driving Washington crazy. They are be-
            coming a major trading partner in Latin America, not just


                                         - 66 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 67




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             for Venezuela. The raw materials exporters, including
             Chile and Brazil, are increasing their trade with China,
             which in turn invests in their economies. Meanwhile,
             Venezuela is trying to diversify its oil exports so they’re
             not so dependent on sales to a very hostile United States.
             It’s natural and sensible. A lot of the exports are being di-
             versiﬁed to Latin America, but also to China.47 And the
             U.S. government is, naturally, very unhappy about that.
             We’re supposed to control resources and markets. No-
             body else is.

             In some of your talks, usually toward the end, you use the
             metaphor of looking in the mirror.

             We should ask who we are and what we do. For example,
             when Chávez gets prolonged applause at the General As-
             sembly, instead of ridiculing the rhetoric, we ought to be
             asking why. What is leading to the fact that in public opin-
             ion polls, even in Europe, let alone the rest of the world,
             people regard the United States as a major threat to world
             peace and even to their own existence? What is that com-
             ing from? It’s not enough to say, “They hate us because of
             our freedom.” They don’t. So take a look at yourself. See
             what you’re doing. What have we done to Iran for the last
             ﬁfty years? And what are we doing to Iraq right now?
                 And why is it that in the polls that appeared just a
             few days ago, which are so far scarcely reported, it turns
             out that 70 percent of Iraqis want U.S. troops out within a


                                         - 67 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 68




                                   Noam Chomsky



            year and most of the rest want them out not long after.
            And in Baghdad about two-thirds want them out imme-
            diately.48 Why is that? Look at the studies. They will tell
            you. It’s because there is an overwhelming majority that
            thinks the United States is contributing to the violence
            and sectarianism, and the overwhelming majority thinks
            we’re building permanent military bases, which they
            don’t want.49 Are we? Take a look at the expenditures that
            are reported. Yes, they’re building what they call “semi-
            permanent” bases, which means permanent as long as we
            want them there. And they’re being built in a manner
            that entails permanence—deep underground bunkers,
            and so on.
                 In fact, the United States isn’t even providing the
            Iraqi army with the means of support for an army, appar-
            ently on the assumption that U.S. forces are going to be
            there to provide the logistics, the support, the backup,
            the bases, and move in when they have to. The Iraqis
            don’t want that, not only because they think, probably
            rightly, that we’re helping instigate the violence, but be-
            cause they don’t like to be occupied by a foreign power.
            Would we want to have Iranian bases being built here? So
            let’s look at ourselves in the mirror and ask ourselves
            why people in the world have this impression of U.S.
            government policies.
                 Strikingly, much of the U.S. population has the same
            impressions as people abroad, but this is excluded effec-
            tively from the political system and even the media, which


                                         - 68 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 69




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             don’t report people’s attitudes. So let’s look at ourselves,
             see what kind of a country we have. Is that what we want
             to be? Do we want to be a country that’s seen this way
             and then suffer the consequences? Because we will.
                 Take, say, the Lebanon war. In Lebanon, about 90 per-
             cent of the population regards it as a U.S.-Israeli war,
             which, of course, it was.50 We devastated a large part of
             Lebanon—a large part of it has been made unlivable, sat-
             urated with cluster bombs.51 The effects of bombing fuel
             storage tanks, creating an oil spill, are apparently causing
             enormous long-term environmental damage. The envi-
             ronmental minister says that soon most Lebanese will be
             drinking poisoned water because of the effects of the
             U.S.-Israeli bombing.52

             There is an article in Science magazine on the environmental
             impact of the attack on Lebanon.53

             It gave some technical observations. They analyzed the
             parts of the oil spill that reached the shore and found very
             high concentrations of toxic hydrocarbons and other car-
             cinogens and poisons, which they assume must be true
             everywhere. They also reported that the oil is sinking to
             the sea bottom, which means it’s going to be destroying
             the food chain. All of this escalates in ways that are famil-
             iar. And that’s quite apart from the poison clouds over the
             country from the same oil spills. With that, the cluster
             bombs, and the vast shelling, a lot of the country was


                                         - 69 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 70




                                   Noam Chomsky



            destroyed, and it may remain so for a long time to come.
            The bombing also destroyed cultural centers, the book-
            shops. There is an area in Beirut called the cultural zone
            where the book publishers are mostly located. Lebanon
            was a cultural center for the Arab world. And the area
            was ﬂattened. The bookshops are gone.
                It is much worse in Iraq. Places with concentrations of
            bookstores, literary cafés, centers of lively debate that
            managed to live on during the Saddam Hussein dictator-
            ship are now empty, wiped out, along with a cultural her-
            itage that goes back millennia. Here it’s just, “Stuff
            happens.”54 Not there. They care about their culture and
            civilization and their life.
                What’s the effect of this going to be? The effect in
            Lebanon is going to be the same as in Iraq: it will create
            new generations of jihadis, of people bent on revenge and
            hatred of the country that caused the destruction. We’ll
            hear from them again. And then we’ll wonder, why do
            they hate us? In fact, if we want to know why, we can go
            back ﬁfty years. Another reason not to have historical am-
            nesia. George W. Bush was not the ﬁrst president to ask
            why do they hate us. Eisenhower asked it, too. Let’s go
            back and look. Why did they hate us then? The same rea-
            son they do now. Except more so, because it’s gotten
            worse.
                If you look at yourself in the mirror, then maybe you
            can learn something about yourself. That should be prior-
            ity number one. Then maybe you can talk about other


                                         - 70 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 71




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             people. But yes, we should try to understand ourselves,
             and not just shout jingoistic slogans. Because our dear
             leader announces that Chávez is a brutal dictator, we
             have to scream that he’s a brutal dictator. Maybe so. But
             draw your own conclusions, not just because the dear
             leader pronounced it. We don’t have to be voluntary
             North Koreans.




                                         - 71 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 72




                   This page intentionally left blank
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 73




                                     f   o     u   r




                 The United States
                 Versus the Gospels

                    Cambridge, Massachusetts (December 12, 2006)


             The New York Times had a front-page story yesterday about
             General Augusto Pinochet, the ruler of Chile, who died the pre-
             vious day.1 If one were to land in the United States from Mars
             or some other far-off planet, what kind of information might
             one get from the nation’s premier newspaper about events in
             Chile?

             If the person from outer space knew the facts, he would
             assume he had landed in Stalinist Russia, in a totalitarian
             state. The article makes only passing reference to the U.S.
             role in the 1973 coup in Chile that brought Pinochet to
             power. Actually, the United States had been undermining
             elections in Chile for years, in 1958 and 1964. By 1970,
             Washington was committed to overthrowing the Allende


                                          - 73 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 74




                                   Noam Chomsky



            government. There was a hard track, which would lead to
            a military coup; and there was a soft track, which was to
            “make the economy scream,” as Nixon told CIA director
            Richard Helms.2 The United States engaged directly and
            extensively with the Chilean upper classes in ensuring
            that the economy suffered. Chile is just one of a series of
            coups that the United States either instigated, supported,
            or directly participated in through the 1960s and 1970s,
            in the lead-up to the U.S. terrorist war in Central America
            in the 1980s. There was a plague of repression throughout
            the continent.
                The particular case of Chile happens to be slightly
            poignant for me personally. I just came back from there a
            couple of weeks ago. The most accurate statement I have
            seen about Chile today was by Ariel Dorfman. He called it
            a “country still full of fear.”3 That’s correct. The people ex-
            perienced seventeen years of dictatorship, and you can
            feel the fear that remains. Villa Grimaldi was one of the
            worst of Pinochet’s torture chambers. During my recent
            trip, a man who is now a well-known international lawyer,
            a professor and human rights activist who was tortured
            there, took me through it. He took a group of us and went
            through the process step by step: here’s what they did,
            this is how they tortured us. He said it was years before he
            could talk about his experience. The torture was hideous.
            We also met one man who was the lone survivor of the
            death chamber. After you’ve been through all of the tor-
            ture, if they decide they don’t want you anymore, they put


                                         - 74 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 75




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             you in a horrifying death chamber. This one person some-
             how survived. The tortures were horrifying. He described
             them in detail.
                 The torture was all supervised by doctors. Their role
             was to ensure that the person who was being tortured
             didn’t die, because they had to be kept alive for the next
             stage of torture. So they would tell the torturers when to
             stop, administer something to bring the person back to life,
             and continue the torture. I asked the lawer at one point,
             “Where are those doctors?” He said, “They’re practicing in
             Santiago.” And nobody can think of doing anything about
             this. It’s like having Josef Mengele walking around the
             streets. That’s one aspect of what you see, the fear.
                 The Chilean writer Juan Hernández Pico wrote about
             “the culture of terror” that remains and “domesticat[es] . . .
             the expectations of the majority vis-à-vis alternatives dif-
             ferent to those of the powerful.”4 People don’t even hope
             anymore. Friends in Chile talked to me about this. It was
             once a very lively, exciting country. Now people are iso-
             lated. They don’t trust each other, they don’t want to take
             any action. The doctors are a particularly grisly case, but
             there are other examples.
                 One of the points the Times article makes is that even
             though Pinochet was not a very nice guy, he left this fan-
             tastic booming economy guided by the Chicago Boys.
             The fact of the matter, which the Times knows—and if you
             read carefully, you will notice a phrase referring to it—is
             that the Chicago Boys not only ran the economy under


                                         - 75 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 76




                                   Noam Chomsky



            terror, they drove the country into probably the worst de-
            pression in its history. In 1982, the state had to intervene
            to bail out the private economy. The whole Pinochet pe-
            riod was a total disaster.

            Could you talk about the use of the passive voice in reporting
            on crimes of states?

            That’s a standard device, to write in the passive. So you
            have, “People were killed,” not “We killed them.” Or
            “They died,” not “We murdered them, we tortured them.”
            In fact, there is more that you can say about the Chilean
            coup. The coup took place on September 11, 1973, which
            is often called the ﬁrst 9/11 in South America. If you want
            to really think of what it was like, let’s take a look at our
            9/11 and imagine if it was on the same scale as the one in
            Chile in 1973, the one we were instrumental in perpetrat-
            ing. To make a sensible analogy, you have to use per
            capita equivalent numbers because the United States is a
            much bigger country. So let’s imagine that on September
            11, 2001, Al Qaeda had bombed the White House, killed
            the president, instituted a military coup, killed 50,000 to
            100,000 people, tortured 700,000, established a terror
            center in Washington that instigated or supported com-
            parable military coups elsewhere in the hemisphere,
            murdered and assassinated people they didn’t like all
            over the world. Suppose they brought in a bunch of




                                         - 76 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 77




                                 W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             economists—let’s call them the Kandahar Boys—who
             wrecked the economy, were greatly revered, and then
             went home to collect their Nobel Prizes. Let’s suppose
             that had happened. Would it have changed the world?
             Everyone says our September 11 changed the world. But
             this isn’t hypothetical. That’s what happend on Septem-
             ber 11, 1973.

             What’s the significance of the fact that Michelle Bachelet, a po-
             litical prisoner who was exiled and whose father was killed by
             Pinochet, is now the president of the country?

             That’s very important. For one thing, culturally and so-
             cially Chile is a very conservative country. You’re not sup-
             posed to have women presidents, especially divorced
             women presidents. So yes, it is important. Exactly what
             she’ll be able to do is hard to say. The hand of the dicta-
             torship is still very heavy. Just to take another example,
             Codelco, the state-owned copper company, is required by
             law to give 10 percent of its income to the army.5 The
             great majority doesn’t want that anymore, but somehow
             people don’t think they can change it, even though they
             have the legislature in their hands.
                  Chile is a very unequal society. I think the inequality
             is about at the level of Brazil, which is outlandish. When
             you walk around Santiago, you feel that you’re in upscale
             parts of New York. On the other hand, elsewhere there is




                                           - 77 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 78




                                   Noam Chomsky



            tremendous poverty. I met with Indians from the Mapuche
            area in the south, Aymara in the north, and Quechua in
            Peru. They have plenty of serious problems. The govern-
            ment to some extent recognizes them, but they’re not ad-
            dressed. And then there are the urban poor and the rural
            poor. The country’s economy is good by international
            standards, but it’s fragile. It’s based mostly on primary
            product export. As long as commodity prices shoot up,
            it’s in pretty good shape.
                  One of the places I went to is Iquique, in the Andean
            mining areas. The mining areas are a desert of the kind
            you can’t imagine. There is nothing green, no water, just a
            ﬂat, kind of brownish sand area with a constant howling
            wind. The mines now are all closed, but you can imagine
            how the miners lived. Then they showed me a small con-
            cert hall where Luciano Pavarotti and people like that
            played for the mine owners.
                  Through the early years of the twentieth century, there
            were a series of strikes and massacres. At one point, in
            1907, miners and their families struck for pennies a day, al-
            most nothing. They marched down to Iquique, a seaside
            town maybe thirty miles away, and were welcomed by the
            mine owners and taken into a school and housed. Then
            they were permitted to have a public meeting in a school
            yard. The authorities brought in troops and machine-
            gunned them. Censorship was so heavy that the death toll
            is unknown. One estimate is that at least one thousand de-
            fenseless men, women, and children were murdered. I


                                         - 78 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 79




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             think that’s the worst massacre in labor history. Chilean
             scholarship describes the massacre as the brutal culmina-
             tion of a “preventive war” to establish the authority of the
             state and the owners, to maintain social control, and pre-
             vent development of a powerful labor movement. Perhaps it
             can be properly regarded as a precursor to the hideous era
             inaugurated on September 11, 1973, with the U.S.-backed
             Pinochet coup.6
                 That’s one of a number of massacres. Technically, it was
             Chilean, but the British were behind it. In fact, that whole
             region belongs to Chile mainly because the British backed
             them in a war with Bolivia and Peru. The British wanted
             the nitrate mines, which were used for fertilizer and gun-
             powder. Later, the United States took them over.
                 Finally locals are beginning to commemorate the
             Iquique massacre. The younger people in Chile particu-
             larly are beginning to come to terms with this history. But
             we should know about it, too. This is part of Western
             civilization.

             Nicaragua recently had an election in which the former San-
             dinista leader Daniel Ortega has become president. What’s
             your take on Ortega?

             Envío is a magazine published at the Jesuit University in
             Managua. It’s perhaps the best magazine on Central
             America. Their last issue was on the elections in Nicaragua,
             and it pointed out that in the preceding elections, in 1996


                                         - 79 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 80




                                   Noam Chomsky



            and 2001, when Ortega seemed to have a chance, there
            was capital ﬂight and a number of threats. This time, his
            election was taken very calmly.7
                 To tell you the truth, I never thought much of Ortega in
            the ﬁrst place. He completely discredited himself in the
            1990s with the pact he made with Arnoldo Alemán, the
            former Nicaraguan president, who is an ultra-corrupt
            gangster. The two of them together, with Ortega’s control
            over the Sandinista National Liberation Front, the Sandin-
            ista party, and Alemán’s party, the Liberal Constitutional
            Party, could protect Alemán from real punishment and
            also prevent any real constructive moves being made—not
            that they were very likely—in the legislature of the govern-
            ment. Ortega appears to have become just another right-
            wing opportunist. He always was an opportunist. He still
            has a loyal following among people who have a commit-
            ment to the old Sandinista hopes, but it’s an illusion.
                 Nicaragua is a sad place. It’s now the second-poorest
            country in the hemisphere.8 A very large part of the work-
            force is abroad, mostly in Costa Rica, sometimes in the
            United States and elsewhere. There is no development
            going on, but there is a lot of wealth. If you drive around
            Managua, you see it’s very glitzy. You can buy anything
            you want. But then you see kids scratching at the wind-
            shields asking for a córdoba to get through the night. The
            country has declined enormously since the United States
            took it over again in 1990. And Ortega is going with the
            ﬂow. He and his friends enriched themselves, and they’ll


                                         - 80 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 81




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             pal around with Alemán and the rest of them. I don’t
             think U.S. investors have anything to worry about. They
             certainly don’t seem to be worried. Nor do the corporate
             elite in Nicaragua, which is super-rich, as in most of the
             third world.
                  Nicaragua is the Central American country that most
             religiously followed IMF rules. So they privatized energy.
             The other countries didn’t. And Nicaragua, predictably, has
             a terrible energy shortage, much worse than the others.9
             Guatemala is bad enough, but Nicaragua is worse. Costa
             Rica, the one functioning country in Central America—and
             incidentally the only one in the region the United States
             never invaded—has by now moved close to 100 percent
             sustainable energy.10
                  The foreign-owned company that runs the energy sys-
             tem in Nicaragua has plenty of reserve power, but is not
             distributing it because it’s just not proﬁtable enough. That’s
             the way it works. If you privatize water, you can construct
             economic models that show you that it’s very efﬁcient. But
             there’s a footnote that isn’t mentioned. Namely, when you
             get the prices right, a lot of the population can’t pay them,
             so they don’t have water. Nothing’s perfect.
                  There have been major struggles over the issue of wa-
             ter privatization in Bolivia, particularly in Cochabamba,
             where there was a big uprising that forced out Bechtel
             and the consortium that was privatizing the water.”11 That
             was a good example of real globalization. Part of the rea-
             son the people of Cochabamba could succeed was that


                                         - 81 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 82




                                   Noam Chomsky



            they were able to quickly contact activists around the
            world to coordinate demonstrations at Bechtel ofﬁces. One
            protest in particular happened to coincide with a big
            demonstration in Washington against the World Bank
            and IMF policies. That gave the struggle in Bolivia inter-
            national publicity. That’s real globalization by people, so
            therefore it’s called antiglobalization. But it worked.

            Rafael Corrêa recently was elected president of Ecuador. What
            are your thoughts on him?

            He’s made some interesting comments. There is a big
            U.S. military base in Ecuador, one of the last big remain-
            ing U.S. military bases in South America, and Corrêa was
            asked during the campaign if he would close it down.
            He told reporters, “If they let us put a military base in
            Miami . . . we’ll accept” a base in Ecuador.12 That’s a
            good answer, a reasonable answer.

            Mexico had an election in September. Felipe Calderón was
            elected. The defeated candidate, the former mayor of Mexico
            City, Andrés Manuel Lopez Obrador, claimed the election was
            a fraud.13 Do you think he’s right?

            The country was split roughly 50–50, so maybe Lopez
            Obrador is right about the fraud. In fact, there is some ev-
            idence for it. But as far as the character of the country is
            concerned, it doesn’t matter much if the election went one


                                         - 82 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 83




                                 W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             way or the other. There are huge problems all over the
             country. That’s why the United States is building a wall
             along its border with Mexico, to contain the problems
             they anticipate getting worse.
                 The wall is an atrocity. If you take a look at the Mexican
             border, it was once pretty open, porous in both directions.
             Then Clinton militarized the border for the ﬁrst time with
             Operation Gatekeeper in 1994. Now the militarization is
             getting more intense. Why 1994? That was the year when
             the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) was
             passed. And presumably the United States expected that
             the effect of NAFTA would be that Mexican agriculture
             could not compete with highly subsidized U.S. agribusi-
             ness exports, so people would ﬂock to the cities. Domestic
             Mexican businesses would not be able to compete with
             U.S. multinationals, which receive special treatment in
             Mexico under mislabeled trade laws that have little to do
             with trade but are about ensuring investor rights. The result
             would be a ﬂood of people north into the United States,
             joined by a ﬂood of people leaving the ruins of Central
             America after Reagan’s terrorist wars. So, you build a wall.

             Muhammad Yunus of Bangladesh was awarded the 2006 Nobel
             Peace Prize.14 He started the Grameen Bank in that country.
             It’s based on microcredit loans to mostly poor women in rural
             areas. People are always asked, if you don’t like capitalism,
             what about some kind of alternative? Is this perhaps the basis of
             an alternative?


                                           - 83 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 84




                                   Noam Chomsky



            It’s a sensible device. It’s not the answer to everything.
            Empowering women is extremely important in third world
            countries—actually, in most communities. One of the
            things that is very noticeable in communities that have
            been crushed and are barely surviving is that the women
            seem much more able to do things than men are. And you
            can see why. The women’s responsibilities continue no mat-
            ter how rotten the situation. They’re still taking care of the
            children, doing all the housework, cooking. Often men,
            when their usual opportunities are gone, are lost. They
            have nothing to do. They turn to drink, to crime. You see it
            all over the place.
                 So giving microcredit loans to women is a very smart
            thing to do. It’s not the end of everything, but it has paid
            off. It’s a good capitalist approach. This is pure capitalism,
            actually, much purer than the U.S. economy. It’s real capi-
            talism. The U.S. economy is state-based to a large extent.

            The current pope, Benedict XVI, who has managed to mire
            himself in controversy around his statements about Islam, was
            known as the enforcer during the reign of the much revered and
            hallowed Pope John Paul II.15 He was the guy who apparently
            purged high-ranking Catholic officials who supported libera-
            tion theology.

            We don’t know the inner workings of the Vatican, but
            that’s been reported. And it certainly looks like that
            from his writings. The crime of liberation theology was


                                         - 84 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 85




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             that it takes the Gospels seriously. That’s unacceptable.
             The Gospels are radical paciﬁst material, if you take a
             look at them. When the Roman emperor Constantine
             adopted Christianity, he shifted it from a radical paciﬁst
             religion to the religion of the Roman Empire. So the
             cross, which was the symbol of the suffering of the poor,
             was put on the shield of the Roman soldiers. Since that
             time, the Church has been pretty much the church of the
             rich and the powerful—the opposite of the message of
             the Gospels. Liberation theology, in Brazil particularly,
             brought the actual Gospels to peasants. They said, let’s
             read what the Gospels say, and try to act on the princi-
             ples they describe. That was the major crime that set off
             the Reagan wars of terror and Vatican repression. The
             United States was virtually at war with the Catholic
             Church in the 1980s. It was a clash of civilizations, if you
             like: the United States versus the Gospels.

             Among liberal opinion there is now tremendous opposition to
             the Iraq war—

             I don’t agree with you.

             Why?

             What’s the opposition?

             That the occupation hasn’t gone well.


                                         - 85 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 86




                                   Noam Chomsky



            But what are they proposing? That it go well. You could
            have found the same views in Russia during the occupa-
            tion of Afghanistan. Actually, there was a very interesting
            article recently in the Toronto Globe and Mail by a former
            Russian soldier who is now a Canadian citizen.16 He de-
            scribes how the soldiers felt in Afghanistan. We were try-
            ing to help the people of Afghanistan. We were saving
            them from the terrorists who were attacking them. We
            were risking our lives to bring them medical care. And
            somehow they didn’t appreciate it. We were trying to
            protect rights of women and make it a civilized society.
            He says that he now hears Canadian soldiers saying the
            same thing about Iraq. You can translate it word for word.
            I’ve been in touch with him. This is part of a bigger proj-
            ect comparing the attitudes in Russia toward the Afghan
            war, the Chechnya war, what appears in the press there
            and so on, with attitudes here and what appears in the
            press here about U.S. wars. Pretty much as I expected, it’s
            very similar.

            A number of people opposed to the Iraq occupation say they
            support the invasion and occupation of Afghanistan.

            It’s true. The Afghan war is supposed to be a good war.
            First of all, in my view—which is very unpopular, so I’ll
            repeat it—the Afghan war itself was a major war crime.

            Explain why. People say, “We were attacked on September 11.


                                         - 86 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 87




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             Didn’t the terrorists come from Afghanistan? And that’s where
             the Taliban were protecting Al Qaeda.”

             First of all, we don’t even know that the attacks came
             from Afghanistan. Eight months after the bombing be-
             gan, the head of the FBI, Robert Mueller, had a big inter-
             view with the Washington Post in which he was asked
             what he knew about the September 11 attacks. He said
             that the idea may have been hatched in Afghanistan, but
             it was probably implemented in the Gulf Emirates and in
             Germany.17 That’s what we believed eight months after
             the attack on Afghanistan began, which means we knew
             nothing at the time of the bombing. The bombing was not
             undertaken to get rid of the Taliban. That was an after-
             thought, added three weeks later. The bombing was un-
             dertaken with a very explicit threat: you turn over to us
             Osama bin Laden or else we’ll bomb you. No evidence,
             no request for extradition. In fact, the Taliban made some
             gestures—we don’t know whether they were serious or
             not because they were rejected—to hand bin Laden over
             in an appropriate way, if evidence was given, maybe to a
             third country.18 That was just blocked. We’re going to
             bomb.
                 Were Afghans in favor of it? Many anti-Taliban
             Afghans bitterly opposed the bombing, including
             the U.S. favorite, Abdul Haq. About two weeks after the
             bombing started, he gave a long interview in which he
             bitterly condemned it.19 He said that you’re bombing


                                         - 87 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 88




                                   Noam Chomsky



            and killing Afghans, you’re undermining our efforts
            to overthrow the Taliban from within, which we can
            achieve, and you’re doing it just because you want to
            show your muscle. A week later, there was a meeting in
            Peshawar in Pakistan of about a thousand Afghans,
            many trekking across the border from Afghanistan,
            some from Pakistan. It was reported. They didn’t agree
            on much, but one thing they agreed on was opposing the
            bombings.20
                What’s happening in the country now is extremely
            ugly. It’s back in the hands of warlords, the kind of peo-
            ple who terrorized the country so badly that the Taliban
            were welcomed. It’s a major horror. The country is back to
            living off opium production.21 However rotten the Tal-
            iban were, they stopped that.22 Nobody wants the Taliban
            back, but what’s happening there is awful.

            Michael Walzer has written about Afghanistan as “a triumph
            of just war theory.”23 You’ve been a critic of his views.

            I haven’t been so much a critic of his views as rather an
            observer of the fact that they are just views. If you look at
            the book you’re quoting from, Arguing About War, there
            are two problems with it. One, there are no arguments—
            not a single one. The arguments all reduce to: “I believe”
            or “I think” or “it seems to me.” That’s not an argument.
            The second interesting fact is that there are no opponents.




                                         - 88 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 89




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             He’s giving arguments, but against whom? “Radical
             paciﬁsts” or “they say on campus” or something like
             that. This is intellectually deplorable. Actually, he does
             mention two people. One of them is his major enemy,
             Edward Said. He makes some outrageous statement in a
             footnote about people who support terror, saying that’s
             Edward Said’s position.24 And then he says in a more
             moderate way, this position has been indicated by
             Richard Falk.25 Because Falk is more respectable, you’ve
             got to be more polite. Walzer’s famous book Just and Un-
             just Wars was pretty similar.26 It’s very hard to ﬁnd an
             argument. Just “I think.” He’s repeating conventional
             wisdom, so you can’t really blame him for it. But on
             what grounds is Afghanistan a triumph of the just war
             theory?
                  One of Walzer’s colleagues, Jean Bethke Elshtain,
             wrote an equally horrible book—intellectually outra-
             geous and morally depraved, in my opinion.27 She says
             Afghanistan was a triumph of just war theory, and then
             gives a set of reasons. The trouble is, every single one of
             her reasons is a complete falsehood. I went through this
             in print in Hegemony or Survival, so I won’t repeat my-
             self.28 But she got the facts wrong, and her arguments
             don’t apply. Some of them are ﬂatly contradicted by
             what happened, but that doesn’t matter. Just war theory
             has been converted into a form of apologetics for what-
             ever atrocities your favored state is carrying out.




                                         - 89 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM     Page 90




                                   Noam Chomsky



            One component of war resistance in the late 1960s and early
            1970s was the establishment of GI coffeehouses. The documen-
            tary Sir! No Sir! and the book Soldiers in Revolt tell this story.29
            That whole idea is being revived right now. There is one being
            set up near Fort Drum in upstate New York, where the Tenth
            Mountain Division is based.30 Describe the GI coffeehouse move-
            ment for those who may not be familiar with it. Was it effective?

            It was a support system for soldiers run by the antiwar
            movement, and it was very effective. The coffeehouses
            were located near bases. They were just places for soldiers
            to come. They could do whatever they wanted. Nobody
            was trying to propagandize them. There were discussion
            groups, and if they wanted to join them, ﬁne. Some of the
            discussion groups were organized by the antiwar activists
            who set the coffeehouses, but the soldiers made the deci-
            sions. This had an effect in building up what was a very
            signiﬁcant movement. There were also war crimes trials
            run by GIs where soldiers and ofﬁcers reported on what
            they had done and what they had witnessed in Vietnam.
                There were a series of them around the country, and
            they were very effective.31 I think this is a good time to
            renew that.

            David Krieger directs the Nuclear Age Peace Foundation in
            Santa Barbara. In a recent article, he asked the question, “Why
            are there still nuclear weapons?” And he proposes some an-
            swers.32 What would you say?


                                           - 90 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 91




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             Simply that the nuclear-armed states are criminal states.
             They have a legal obligation, conﬁrmed by the World Court,
             to live up to Article 6 of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation
             Treaty (NPT), which calls on them to carry out good-faith
             negotiations to eliminate nuclear weapons entirely. None of
             the nuclear states has lived up to it. The United States has vi-
             olated the agreement much more than others. It’s in the lead
             in violating the NPT—especially this administration, which
             has stated that it isn’t subject to Article 6 and has developed
             new nuclear weapons systems.33 The Non-Proliferation
             Treaty is just one of a collection of treaties. The others have
             been dismantled and blocked by the Bush administration.
             In fact, the United States just entered into an agreement with
             India, ratiﬁed by Congress, that tears to shreds the central
             part of the Non-Proliferation Treaty.34

             India is not even a signatory of the NPT.

             India is not a signatory, and it developed nuclear weapons
             on its own, which is a real crime.

             Like Pakistan and Israel.

             Like Pakistan and Israel. Of course, developing weapons
             outside the treaty is worse than what Iran is doing. And
             the Bush administration has effectively endorsed it, which,
             as Gary Milhollin, one of the main specialists on nuclear
             weapons, correctly pointed out in an article in Current


                                          - 91 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 92




                                   Noam Chomsky




            History, tears the core of the treaty apart.35 If the United
            States can do these deals, why can’t everybody else? And
            sure enough, China approached India with a similar deal
            and also approached Pakistan.36 Once you set the prece-
            dent, the most powerful state in the world, others are go-
            ing to follow.
                This is not a joke. The threat of nuclear war is ex-
            tremely serious and is growing, and part of the reason is
            that the nuclear states, led by the United States, simply
            refuse to live up to their obligations, or are signiﬁcantly
            violating them.




                                         - 92 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 93




                                     f   i   v    e




               The Framework for
              Thinkable Thoughts

                     Cambridge, Massachusetts (January 29, 2007)


             How is fighting power today different from in the 1960s and
             the early 1970s?

             Right now, it’s a lot easier than the early 1960s. At that
             point, it was extremely hard to do anything even mildly
             critical of state power. You could protest racist sheriffs in
             Alabama, but nothing much in the North—and certainly
             not the Vietnam War. Antiwar protests didn’t really de-
             velop even to the level of the protests against the United
             States invasion of Iraq today. So, in that respect, things
             have changed.
                  There are many topics that were almost unmention-
             able then that you can talk about quite freely and openly
             now, without any holds barred. After 1967, for example,


                                         - 93 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM   Page 94




                                   Noam Chomsky



            the issue of Israel became kind of holy writ. You couldn’t
            say a word against it. In fact, that lasted for a long time.
            But in the last few years, that’s eased up, too. You can
            now talk pretty freely about Israel without hysteria—
            meetings being broken up, police protection, and so on.
            Also, environmental issues, women’s rights, a number of
            subjects you can talk freely about now, just weren’t even
            discussed. Solidarity movements didn’t exist. By now,
            there are almost no issues that are so far off the agenda
            that you can’t discuss them, including the nature of the
            state capitalist system. For example, the idea that there
            could be an anticorporate movement was almost unimag-
            inable in the 1960s. Now people understand what you’re
            talking about. There are movements, there are recogniza-
            ble attempts to eliminate the illegitimacy of private
            tyrannies.

            What about discussions of imperialism?

            The same thing. Now it’s open. If you want to talk about
            imperialism, it’s ﬁne. The only questions that come up
            are about what is exactly the right concept to use. In the
            1960s, you simply couldn’t raise questions about the fun-
            damental benevolence of U.S. policy. First of all, there
            was a John F. Kennedy cult. Take someone like Eugene
            McCarthy, who was considered a hero in the 1960s. By to-
            day’s standards, he would be regarded as a charlatan.
            Here’s a guy who did absolutely nothing. In 1968, when


                                         - 94 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 95




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             it looked like there was an opportunity, he appeared on
             the stage, and without saying very much managed to mo-
             bilize a lot of young people who wanted to seriously
             change things. The “Clean for Gene” crowd came to
             Chicago and were beaten bloody on the streets, and
             McCarthy didn’t do anything about it. And as soon as he
             lost his chance to gain political power, he basically disap-
             peared. Instead of using the prestige he had, even if ille-
             gitimately, he went off to write about baseball, make
             clever remarks, and write poetry. I don’t think somebody
             could get away with that today.

             What are the weaknesses and fissures that can be exploited and
             opened wider in terms of power?

             Right now the major ﬁssure to exploit is the basic split in
             the country between the public and the country’s real
             power sectors. Both of the political parties and the busi-
             ness sector are well to the right of the population on a
             host of major issues. That’s signiﬁcant. You see these ﬁs-
             sures everywhere.
                  There is a lot of talk right now about how the United
             States is a divided country. We have to bring it together,
             “red states” and “blue states.” In fact, it is a divided coun-
             try, but not in the way that’s being discussed. It’s divided
             between the public and the power systems, the govern-
             ment and the corporate system. We see it every day. Take
             the next major issue coming up—Iran. The overwhelming


                                         - 95 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 96




                                   Noam Chomsky



            majority of the population is in favor of diplomatic ini-
            tiatives rather than confrontation.1 But U.S. public opin-
            ion doesn’t count, just as Iraqi public opinion doesn’t
            count.
                 Or take the Iraq Study Group report.2 It’s quite inter-
            esting to read, but it is mostly interesting for what it
            doesn’t say. One of the things the report doesn’t say is
            what the population of Iraq wants. That’s never men-
            tioned. Actually, they cite the U.S. government and other
            Western polls that correctly show the proportion of Iraqis
            who think it’s legitimate to attack U.S. soldiers is now 61
            percent, but not the ﬁgures from the same polling about
            the percentage of Iraqis who also want the United States
            to leave.3 And the report’s conclusion is that we have to
            adjust our tactics so Iraqis don’t see us as occupiers.
            Those very same polls say that in Baghdad two-thirds of
            the population wants the U.S. troops out immediately
            and the large majority in the country as a whole wants a
            ﬁrm timetable for withdrawal in a year or less, maybe six
            months to a year.4 That’s what the Iraqi people want, ac-
            cording to Western polls. That’s not mentioned.

            You’re of that generation that remembers when there was a
            lively union movement in this country. The percentage of orga-
            nized workers in the private sector today is at a record low, and
            it’s only slightly better in the public sector.5 What’s the possi-
            bility of reviving the union movement, and what needs to be
            done to make that happen?


                                          - 96 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 97




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             What you say is quite true. Actually, public sector union-
             ization has stayed pretty steady, which illustrates the
             fact, as we know from other sources, that workers would
             join unions if they could.6 In the public sector, there are
             rules that make it difﬁcult to employ illegal measures to
             block unionization. In the private sector, since Ronald
             Reagan, the government has made it explicit that em-
             ployers can use illegal measures to undermine union or-
             ganizing, and it’s done constantly.7 There have been
             other changes in the international economy that affect
             unionization. Can this be reversed? It certainly can. But
             it’s going to mean overcoming a lot of pressures. There
             are no new secrets about this. The methods of organizing
             are known. They just have to be pursued. And it’s not
             something that can be done only by working people. It
             means making changes in the cultural background and
             other kinds of organization—support and solidarity and
             so on.

             The U.S. economy is fairly stagnant and is laden with deficits
             and debt. The manufacturing base is eroding. What do you see
             as the future of the economy?

             I don’t think anybody really knows. It’s a kind of econ-
             omy that never existed before. Take, say, the auto indus-
             try. If by the “United States” you mean the territorial
             United States, then the manufacturing base is declining.
             But if you mean the people who own the United States,


                                         - 97 -
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 98




                                    Noam Chomsky



            then it’s not declining. U.S.-based multinationals just
            happen to be producing or assembling cars abroad.

            Is it fair to call them the ruling class?

            Yes. We can call them the owners of the society, who
            pretty much run the government, too. They’re doing ﬁne.
            I haven’t seen the latest statistics, but their share of global
            manufacturing has remained quite high over a long pe-
            riod. If you were to take imports to the United States that
            are coming from afﬁliates or subsidiaries of U.S. corpora-
            tions abroad, and count them as domestic production, the
            trade deﬁcit would sharply decline. And that makes
            sense. These are imports only in the sense in which some
            movement across borders within a command economy is
            trade. But it’s a difﬁcult situation. The country is deeply
            in debt, there are enormous trade deﬁcits, households are
            deeply in debt, there is great corporate debt.

            Savings are negative.

            The recent few years have been the ﬁrst ones of negative
            savings.8 A lot of personal wealth is in the form of home
            ownership, which is a pretty fragile base. There is good
            evidence to think that there is a housing bubble that
            somehow overcame the collapse of the stock bubble. If
            the housing bubble bursts, it could turn out to be very se-
            rious. In fact, the housing market is already declining.


                                           - 98 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 99




                                 W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             Another real risk is that substantial holders of U.S. debt—
             particularly China, but also Japan—might decide to di-
             versify their currency holdings.

             China owns about one trillion dollars of the U.S. debt.9 What if
             the Chinese decide to cash in their chips?

             I think it’s unlikely. China has a lot invested, for exam-
             ple, in U.S. Treasury bonds, which are not a great invest-
             ment. They could have more proﬁtable investments
             elsewhere. Holding the dollar is not particularly prof-
             itable either, because it’s declining relative to the euro.
             China is consciously propping up the U.S. economy. The
             United States is their major market, so they want to
             maintain it for their exports. In order to do that, they
             have to lose money on the holding of currency and on in-
             vestments here. At some point, they may change their
             minds, but that would be a big change in the international
             economy. I don’t think anyone can predict what the effect
             would be.

             There has been talk of Venezuela and Iran pricing their oil sales
             in euros. How do the owners benefit from the pricing of oil sales
             in dollars? What are the economic implications if there is a shift
             to the euro?

             When your own currency is effectively the international
             currency, you have a number of advantages. You don’t


                                           - 99 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 100




                                   Noam Chomsky



            have to buy the international currency, for example.
            You’ve got it. If the Treasury Department wants to adjust
            the level of the dollar relative to other currencies, it can
            do it on the basis of proﬁtability for dollar holders, mean-
            ing ourselves. Others have to compensate.
                From what I read of the international economics liter-
            ature, I don’t think it’s at all clear how much of an effect
            there would be if there were a diversiﬁcation into euros or
            Japanese yen, or a broader basket of currencies. As far as
            I can see, it’s quite hard to predict. Very likely there
            would be some kind of harmful effect for the U.S. econ-
            omy. What the scale would be is hard to judge. Remem-
            ber, the United States is a very powerful society. It’s still
            by far the richest country in the world. It has enormous
            advantages. If you compare it to, say, the entire European
            Union, it’s more or less on a par economically. But this is
            a single country. It’s internally much more integrated
            than the European Union is.

            There has been an upsurge in bellicose language toward Iran.
            Under the UN Charter, not just the use of force but the threat
            of force is a breach of the charter.

            Article 2 outlaws the threat or use of force in interna-
            tional affairs. But the United States is an outlaw state,
            and it is accepted by the intellectual class here that it
            should be an outlaw state, so it is not subject to interna-
            tional law and norms. There is no criticism of this. The


                                         - 100 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 101




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             only criticism is that maybe these threats will get us into
             trouble—not that we are committing a crime.
                  We can say the same about the invasion of Iraq. There
             is a huge debate about the invasion of Iraq, but no question
             about whether we have a justiﬁcation to do it. Of course,
             we have an automatic justiﬁcation to do it—because it’s us.
             We have a justiﬁcation to do anything. In fact, if you look
             at the so-called debate about Iraq, it’s at approximately
             the level of a high school newspaper commenting on the
             local sports team. You don’t ask whether the team has a
             right to win, you just ask how they can win. Do we need a
             new coach? Do we have too many injuries? Should we try
             some new tactics? But not, do we have a right to win? It’s
             an unthinkable thought. The question of whether the
             United States has a right to win in Iraq is unthinkable. Of
             course it does. Everyone is in favor of victory. The only
             question is whether this strategy or the other strategy
             will produce it.
                  Some of the discussion that’s going on is almost sur-
             real. For example, a couple of days ago it was announced
             that Iran is opening a bank in Iraq.10 There was a huge
             furor about how this proves Iranian interference in Iraq.
             You don’t know whether to laugh or cry. Suppose Russia
             in the 1980s had protested because the United States was
             opening a bank in Afghanistan, saying, “You’re interfer-
             ing with our liberation of Afghanistan.” People would
             have collapsed in hysterical laughter. But when we say
             this about Iran, it’s correct. We’ve come close to threatening


                                         - 101 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 102




                                   Noam Chomsky



            that we might have a right to attack Iran if there is Iranian
            interference in Iraq.11 The comparison isn’t fair to Russia,
            but it’s as if the Russians had claimed the right to bomb
            the United States in the 1980s because we were interfer-
            ing in Afghanistan, which we certainly were. We were
            supporting major terrorist forces in Afghanistan.

            Many people don’t think that the United States will attack
            Iran. The military is overextended, there is no popular support
            for it. But when Richard Nixon inherited the Vietnam War, in-
            stead of ending it he expanded it into Cambodia and Laos. Are
            people expecting rational behavior from irrational actors?

            First of all, extending the war to Cambodia and Laos was
            horrible enough, but it was basically costless to the United
            States. You’re attacking countries that are totally defense-
            less. The only issue was domestic opposition and interna-
            tional protest. If you attack Iran, it can blow up the whole
            region. It’s a serious war. So I don’t think the comparison
            to Nixon is fair to Nixon. And many comparisons to
            Nixon are unfair. Even domestically, he was more or less
            the last liberal president.

            There was a lot of protest around the Cambodian invasion.

            When the United States invaded Cambodia in 1970, then
            there was protest, because people didn’t want an expan-
            sion of the war. In fact, there was enough protest that


                                         - 102 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM     Page 103




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             Congress ﬁnally barred the ofﬁcial U.S. bombing cam-
             paign there. The actual bombing continued, though there
             was very little reporting of it.12 It was not a mainstream
             issue. When the issue of the possible impeachment of
             Nixon came up, the Cambodia bombing—which was ille-
             gal and in violation of congressional legislation—was
             raised, but it was taken off the bill of indictment.13 It wasn’t
             that important.
                  Just a couple of years ago, the Clinton administration
             released documents on the bombing of Cambodia. And it
             turns out the tonnage of bombing was nearly ﬁve times as
             high as the very high level that had previously been
             known.14 People have speculated that the bombing must
             have played a role in the formation of the Khmer Rouge,
             but now, from the documentation that’s been released, it’s
             almost obvious. This meant that Cambodia was the most
             heavily bombed country in history. It’s public. There was
             an article about this by one of the leading Cambodia spe-
             cialists, Ben Kiernan. He’s the head of the Yale University
             Cambodian Genocide Project, which is mostly focused on
             Pol Pot’s genocide but extends beyond. The article ap-
             peared in a small Canadian journal.15 It was published at
             least once in the United States, on ZNet.16 As far as I’m
             aware, that’s the ﬁrst publication in the United States.
                  During the period of the bombing, the Khmer Rouge
             grew from maybe ten thousand to a couple hundred
             thousand.17 They were surely using the bombing, which
             was driving peasants berserk, as a mobilizing technique.


                                          - 103 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 104




                                   Noam Chomsky



            So, here’s information of enormous signiﬁcance about the
            bombing of Cambodia, but there was no interest. Then,
            sometimes things are published that are utterly shocking
            but pass without comment, like Nixon and Kissinger’s
            orders in December 1970 for “a massive bombing cam-
            paign in Cambodia . . . [using] anything that ﬂies on any-
            thing that moves.”18 If we found a statement like that in
            the Serbian archives about Milos̆evi ć, it would be re-
            ported with banner headlines. Here is a call for genocide,
            basically, in the New York Times with no comment. The
            whole history of the Indochina wars has been so re-
            shaped that it’s unrecognizable. By now people have no
            idea what happened. You can see that in the comparisons
            that are drawn between Vietnam and Iraq. There is al-
            most no meaningful comparison, either in the motives,
            the character of the war, or in the way the war ended. The
            similarities are almost nonexistent.

            Frank Rich of the New York Times believes that “the Iraq-
            Vietnam parallels at this juncture are striking.”19

            Yes, but these are superﬁcialities. Vietnam was fought for
            totally different reasons. And by about 1970, the United
            States had effectively won its major war aims—to destroy
            the country and ensure that the region was inoculated
            from “infection,” to use the government’s terms. But you
            can’t destroy Iraq and inoculate the region from the
            threat of successful development. That’s totally irrelevant


                                         - 104 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 105




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             in Iraq. In order to see that, though, you have to be will-
             ing to face the facts about why the United States invaded
             South Vietnam and why it invaded Iraq—and why it’s al-
             most unthinkable for them to leave Iraq.

             In discussions on Iran, you often hear tropes from the Munich
             narrative—appeasement, Hitler, Nazi Germany. You have
             CNN’s Glenn Beck saying, “Iran is a global threat as big as
             what we’ve seen since the Nazis.”20 Why is this story recycled
             so often? And why do people seemingly fall for it?

             I presume the people who are producing this rhetoric fall
             for it. I don’t see any particular reason to think they’re
             lying, but it’s so utterly outlandish, it’s hard even to com-
             ment on. First of all, Munich was welcomed by the Roose-
             velt administration. Sumner Welles, Roosevelt’s main
             adviser, came back glowing with praise for what had
             been accomplished. They had established peace in Eu-
             rope forever. The business community in the United
             States, and even more so in England, were fairly support-
             ive of Hitler. After Hitler came to power, investment in
             Germany shot up. Now that’s all gone from history. One
             part of the story is true, though. If the United States and
             Britain had wanted to stop Hitler in 1938, they probably
             could have done it. There wouldn’t have been any war,
             but they didn’t particularly want to.

             Or in 1937 or 1936?


                                         - 105 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 106




                                   Noam Chomsky



            In earlier years, almost certainly. But even as late as 1938,
            it probably would have still been possible to end the
            threat of war. By 1939, Germany was a major military
            power, and came very close to conquering Europe.
                 Iran, in stark contrast, wasn’t able to defeat Iraq in the
            1980s. By now, its military force is almost nonexistent. It
            can barely hold the country together. Has Iran ever
            threatened anyone? Has it attacked anyone? It wouldn’t
            have the military force to do it. You can say what you like
            about Iran: it has a horrible government. We obviously
            don’t want them to have nuclear weapons. But to con-
            sider them a threat comparable to Hitler kind of reminds
            me of when Ronald Reagan put on his cowboy boots and
            declared that we have to have a national emergency be-
            cause the Nicaraguan army is “just two days’ drive from
            Harlingen, Texas.”21
                 No one wants Iran to have nuclear weapons. If you’re
            serious about this, though, there are ways of dealing with
            the problem sensibly. To regard Iran as a serious threat,
            let alone a threat comparable to Hitler, that’s to move into
            outer space. You can’t discuss it rationally. It’s like talking
            to a religious fanatic.

            Benjamin Netanyahu says, “It’s 1938 and Iran is Germany.”22

            He has his reasons. Israel recognizes that there is a
            threat—namely, that Iran is a threat to its regional domi-
            nance. Israel wants to dominate the region completely,


                                         - 106 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM     Page 107




                                 W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             with no competing forces, and Iran might be some slight
             counterbalance. But it’s not a serious threat to them. From
             a military point of view, almost surely not. Suppose Iran
             had nuclear weapons. Could they use them? If there were
             even the slightest indication that Iran is planning to arm a
             missile, the country would be vaporized. The only thing
             they can use nuclear weapons for is as a deterrent. They
             can’t attack anyone with nuclear weapons unless they de-
             cide on mass suicide.
                 You could argue that maybe they’ll leak weapons to
             terrorists. That’s conceivable. But then there is a much
             more serious threat of that right in front of us, Pakistan,
             which has leaked nuclear weapons.23 You want to worry
             about that? Fine. Let’s bomb Pakistan.

             A little earlier you said that if the United States were to attack
             Iran, it could lead to a serious conflagration in the Middle East,
             but you’ve also said Iran is very weak in comparison to Nazi
             Germany in 1938.

             You don’t have to be very strong to stir up the Shiite
             forces in Iraq and turn the place into a bloodbath, to
             bring in Saudi Arabian intervention in support of the
             Sunnis, and so on. That doesn’t take military power.

             Mohamed ElBaradei, the head of the International Atomic En-
             ergy Commission, says he’s worried that further UN sanctions
             against Iran “is only going to lead to an escalation,” and then


                                           - 107 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 108




                                   Noam Chomsky



            he dismissed as “absolutely bonkers” the idea that Israel or the
            United States might launch military attacks on Iranian nuclear
            sites. Such an attack “would only strengthen the hand of hard-
            liners” in Iran, driving its nuclear program underground.24

            It would almost certainly. Let’s remember what happened
            at Osirak, when Israel bombed the Iraqi nuclear facilities
            in 1981. It didn’t terminate nuclear weapons develop-
            ment. It didn’t even accelerate it. It initiated it. The Osirak
            reactor was inspected within weeks after the bombing, by
            the chairman of Harvard’s physics department, who is a
            specialist in nuclear engineering. He wrote an article in
            the world’s leading scientiﬁc journal, Nature, in which he
            said that the reactor was not capable of weapons produc-
            tion.25 From testimony that we now have from Iraqi de-
            fectors, it turns out he was apparently correct. The reactor
            was not intended for weapons production. But of course
            as soon as it was bombed, Saddam Hussein immediately
            undertook a clandestine nuclear weapons development
            program. So it appears from what we know that the Is-
            raeli bombing initiated Iraq’s nuclear weapons develop-
            ment program. Something similar could happen in Iran,
            too. I would be really surprised if there isn’t an ofﬁce in
            the Pentagon that’s thinking through contingency plans
            about how to take over Khuzestan, the Arab region of
            Iran right near the Gulf, which happens to be where most
            of the country’s oil is, and just bomb the rest of the coun-
            try to dust.


                                         - 108 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 109




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



                  Who knows what effect that would have on the
             world? Hatred and fear of the United States and Israel
             would escalate to an immeasurable degree. It’s already
             huge. So, in that sense, any use of military force would
             be crazy. We know from polls in the region that the popu-
             lations in the surrounding countries, who very much dis-
             like Iran—Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan—nevertheless
             by large majorities prefer a nuclear-armed Iran to any
             form of military action.26 Though the next to last thing in
             the world they want is a nuclear-armed Iran, the last
             thing they want is military action. And what would that
             lead to? It’s a question of the extent to which you can
             control populations by force, violence, and threat. Maybe
             you can. It’s been done in the past. But it’s a terrible
             gamble.

             The Bush administration accuses Iran of “meddling” in Iraq.
             There is no sense of irony here.

             Yes, but that’s standard. During the Vietnam War, for ex-
             ample, when the United States was bombing North Viet-
             nam, it happened to be bombing an internal Chinese
             railroad. The way the French built railroads, the internal
             Chinese railroads from southwest to southeast China
             pass through North Vietnam. When China sent in work-
             ers to rebuild the bombed railroad, that was condemned
             as interference in Vietnam. For us to bomb is legitimate.
             For them to repair their railroad that we’re bombing shows


                                        - 109 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 110




                                   Noam Chomsky



            that they are aggressors, and therefore we have to think
            about bombing China, and so on.
                These formulations have a lot of signiﬁcance. If you
            can get people to repeat without ridicule that Iran is in-
            terfering in Iraq or that China is interfering in Vietnam, it
            entrenches the fundamental principle that we have a right
            to use violence anywhere we like and nobody has a right
            to deter it. No one. That’s an important principle.

            In your book On Power and Ideology, you wrote, “One of the
            most effective devices is to encourage debate, but within a sys-
            tem of unspoken presuppositions that incorporate the basic
            principles of the doctrinal systems. These principles are there-
            fore removed from inspection; they become the framework for
            thinkable thought, not objects of rational consideration.”27

            Exactly. And the presuppositions become so deeply en-
            trenched that you can’t see them. So even to ask the ques-
            tion of whether the United States has the right to win in
            Iraq, it’s as if you’re speaking Swahili. It doesn’t have any
            meaning in the English language. Devices such as charg-
            ing China with meddling in Vietnam or Iran with med-
            dling in Iraq help serve that function. But they have other
            functions, too. The constant illegal threats against Iran
            also have the effect of making the leadership in Iran
            harsher and more repressive. The United States thinks
            that’s a good thing, too, because that might help generate
            protest, dissension, internal ruptures. I’m sure the United


                                         - 110 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM     Page 111




                                 W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             States is trying to stimulate secessionist movements. Iran
             is a complicated country. Much of it is non-Persian. It’s
             multilingual, multiethnic. There is a big Azeri population,
             which is repressed and probably is being stimulated
             to rebellion, as I mentioned.28 The United States is proba-
             bly doing the same in Khuzestan and elsewhere. If the
             regime becomes harsher and more repressive, it’s possi-
             ble that this may well stimulate other forms of disruption
             and resistance that will help erode the country from
             within. That’s surely a goal of the United States and Is-
             rael. They do not want an independent, stable, powerful
             Iran, or anyone else that’s out of control. But that’s quite
             different from saying the country is a threat.
                  And it’s not just Iran. It’s true for the rest of the region,
             too. You can’t mention Hezbollah without saying “Iranian-
             backed Hezbollah.” “Iranian-backed Hamas.” You don’t
             talk about “U.S.-backed forces.” The U.S.-backed forces are
             the “moderates,” so you don’t have to say “U.S.-backed.”
             All of this is a form of demonization constructed to give a
             justiﬁcation for the use of violence and terror. And like all
             propaganda, even the craziest propaganda, there is an ele-
             ment of truth to it. You can’t pull propaganda out of the air.
             It has to have at least some element of credibility. And then
             if people question the propaganda, they can be bitterly ac-
             cused of denying what’s true.
                  So if you question the use of these methods of demon-
             ization of Iran, the immediate reaction from the intellec-
             tual class is that “you’re supporting Ahmadinejad. You’re


                                           - 111 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 112




                                   Noam Chomsky



            a Holocaust denier.” That’s a useful technique. It’s ex-
            tremely important to protect the right to lie. For intellec-
            tuals particularly, that has a very high value. You must
            protect the right to lie in support of power. And one of the
            ways of doing it is by participating in the demonization
            of an enemy. That’s standard.

            I want to talk a bit about National Public Radio. On January
            26, Morning Edition anchor Steve Inskeep called the Golan
            Heights “a disputed piece of territory between the two coun-
            tries,” Syria and Israel.29

            That shows how far the distortions have gone. The Israeli
            annexation of the Golan Heights in December 1981 was
            bitterly condemned at the time. A unanimous Security
            Council resolution condemned it.30 But now the Golan
            Heights is “disputed.” That’s the steady, slow erosion that
            takes place when you keep repeating lies and fabrications,
            doing your duty of service to power. The United States ba-
            sically supports the annexation, so therefore it’s legitimate.
                 The same with the Israeli-occupied territories. They’re
            now “disputed.” What makes them disputed? It’s a
            purely illegal occupation, and everything that’s happen-
            ing there is in violation of international law, but it’s “dis-
            puted.” The wall through the occupied territories is now
            regularly described as a “security barrier.” It’s not a secu-
            rity barrier. It’s a security barrier for the settlers. If they
            wanted a security barrier for Israel, they would build it


                                         - 112 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 113




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             right inside Israeli territory. Then you can be as secure as
             you like. You can make it a mile high and have it patrolled
             on both sides with tanks, so nobody can get through.
             This is an annexation wall. It was never a security barrier,
             except for the settlers, who are there illegally.
                  Furthermore, there is unanimity on that, in the judi-
             cial world at least. The World Court advisory opinion on
             the wall condemned it as illegal. The U.S. justice Thomas
             Buergenthal, who issued a separate opinion, disagreed
             with the majority on technical grounds, but agreed with
             them that the Geneva Conventions apply to the occupied
             territories, which means any transfer of population there
             is in violation of international law. And he said that any
             part of the wall that is protecting settlers—meaning that
             it is going through the West Bank, as most of it does—is
             “ipso facto in violation of international humanitarian
             law.”31
                  By now it is openly an annexation wall. But step by
             step people accept more and more state propaganda,
             they internalize it, and it becomes the basis for the next
             discussion.

             The Israeli narrative completely overwhelms the Palestinian
             narrative in U.S. discourse.

             The point of view of the Palestinians cannot be represented
             here, or of any other people where the United States is sup-
             porting their repression, occupation, and destruction.


                                        - 113 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 114




                                   Noam Chomsky



            It’s always puzzled me that even on the left, people, yourself,
            have not used the term “colonies” and “colonization” and
            “colonists” to describe what’s happening in the West Bank.
            It might give some clarification. “Settlers” sounds almost
            innocuous.

            I don’t use the word colonization because it understates
            the case. It’s annexation. We don’t talk about the United
            States colonizing the Southwest. It annexed it. It fought a
            war, took over half of Mexico, and annexed it. And the
            United States uses its resources. A lot of the wealth of the
            Southwest comes from the Mexicans. That’s not coloniza-
            tion. It’s conquest. In the occupied territories, it’s a matter
            of slow conquest, takeover, and annexation. So I don’t
            think colonization is the right term for it.

            Renée Montagne, who is another Morning Edition anchor,
            had a tribute to Teddy Kollek, the longtime Israeli mayor of
            Jerusalem, who died in early January. She said in her tribute,
            “He presided over the reunification of the city, tearing down
            the stone wall that cut across it. . . . He will be remembered as
            that rare leader who was also a great unifier.”32

            Teddy Kollek will be remembered by Palestinians as the
            great leader who was very clear and explicit that he
            would do nothing for the Palestinians at all unless it was
            for the beneﬁt of the Jews. He said he had “nurtured
            nothing and built nothing” for Palestinians in Jerusalem,


                                         - 114 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM     Page 115




                                 W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             apart from a sewage system, which was justiﬁed on the
             grounds that if Palestinians had cholera, it might spread
             to the Jewish areas.33 But he made it very clear that he was
             going to do nothing for the Palestinians who were ille-
             gally taken over in a city that was illegally annexed and
             illegally expanded.
                  As far back as 1968, the Security Council condemned
             Israel for taking any steps that changed the status of
             Jerusalem.34 Step by step, Israel has not only changed its
             status but, under Kollek in particular, reduced the options
             of existence for the Palestinian population to a minimum.
             They don’t have building permits, their lands are being
             taken, they are driven into smaller and smaller areas.
             Their economic viability is being destroyed. Surrounding
             areas are being cut off. Kollek was very proudly carrying
             out these policies. That’s why he’s called a great uniﬁer.

             Juan Williams, who also doubles as a Fox News commentator,
             is a senior correspondent at National Public Radio. He inter-
             viewed George Bush on January 29. In one of his questions, he
             said to the president, “You know, people are praying for you. . . .
             The American people want to be with you, Mr. President.”35
             The tone of language here is interesting.

             It’s what you would expect from a very loyal commissar
             in Stalinist Russia. We want to get behind you, genius
             Stalin. We want to support you. Please make it easier for
             us to support you. I don’t want to draw the comparison too


                                           - 115 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 116




                                   Noam Chomsky



            closely because it’s unfair to the Stalinist commissars—
            they could at least plead fear in extenuation. In a free
            country, though, you can’t plead fear, just cowardice and
            subordination to power. Why do we want to get behind
            the president if he’s carrying out murderous, violent crim-
            inal acts? Why do we want to get behind the president
            when what he’s doing is strongly opposed by the over-
            whelming majority of the population that he invaded?

            There is also very little discussion in the press about the U.S.
            military bases in Iraq.

            It’s interesting. There is a line in the Iraq Study Group re-
            port saying that the president should inform Iraqis that
            we don’t intend to build permanent military bases.36 Is
            there a line in the report saying that we should stop
            building permanent military bases? No. Just that we
            should inform people in Iraq that we’re not going to do it,
            but meanwhile keep doing it. They mention in the report
            that the United States is building an enormous embassy
            in Baghdad, and it is. It’s building a city inside Baghdad,
            which is self-contained, with its own energy and water
            and everything else.

            It’s the biggest U.S. embassy in the world.37

            Yes, but that’s misleading, because it’s qualitatively dif-
            ferent from any embassy in the world. Did the Iraq Study


                                         - 116 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 117




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             Group report say you should stop building it? Did they
             say that building that city inside Baghdad—and appar-
             ently permanent military bases—indicates something
             about our intentions to withdraw? No. That isn’t dis-
             cussed. Did they discuss the reasons why the United
             States, including the opposition, is unwilling to with-
             draw? You can’t. These are not sentences in English. In a
             really well indoctrinated society, you cannot consider un-
             thinkable thoughts.

             A French revolutionary, said, “The great are only great because
             we are on our knees.”38

             That’s quite true. If you don’t have sycophantic attitudes
             toward the president—if you don’t say, “We’re praying
             for you” and “We want to support you”—they don’t look
             great. A lot of the media are not sycophantic toward Bush.
             They’re pretty bitter, to an extent that’s very unusual with
             regard to a president. That’s been true, incidentally, right
             through the Bush years. He has been under unprece-
             dented attack from the midst of the establishment be-
             cause the positions of the Bush administration are so far
             to the extreme of the very narrow spectrum that they are
             considered harmful to mainstream interests. Before the
             invasion of Iraq, when Bush announced his National Se-
             curity Strategy in September 2002, which was in effect an
             announcement of the potential invasion of Iraq, there was
             a very strong establishment opposition to it.39 Within a


                                         - 117 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 118




                                   Noam Chomsky



            couple of weeks, Foreign Affairs had a major article by a
            mainstream historian, John Ikenberry, condemning what
            he called “the new imperial grand strategy” of the Bush
            administration and saying it’s going to be harmful to the
            United States.40 Foreign Policy, the other major foreign af-
            fairs journal, also had articles criticizing Bush.

            Yes, but most of the media are echo chambers for the war on Iraq.

            That’s true for the war on Iraq, but the point is that there
            was unprecedented establishment critique. You didn’t
            ﬁnd that in the past. Those are changes. I don’t say it’s
            wonderful. When the media had to go along, they went
            along. So if you watched BBC or CNN when the war
            started, it was like cheerleading and continued that way.
            But not like it was in the past. Change comes slowly, but
            it’s there.




                                         - 118 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM       Page 119




                                       s     i       x




                         Invasions and
                            Evasions

                     Cambridge, Massachusetts (February 2, 2007)



             I want to ask you about tinkerers versus overhaulers, reforms—
             cosmetic improvements and adjustments to the system—
             versus substantive structural change.


             There is certainly a difference, but I don’t exactly know
             what the issue is. We should be in favor of both. Sometimes
             tinkering with the system can be of great help to people.
             There are some obvious improvements—you could call
             them tinkering—that could be made with the health care
             system that would be of enormous beneﬁt.


             How about the media, what is called media reform?




                                           - 119 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 120




                                   Noam Chomsky



            It’s the same with media reform. If you can induce the
            media to give somewhat fairer treatment of signiﬁcant is-
            sues through pressure, by competition from alternatives
            and so on, that’s all to the good. It doesn’t change any-
            thing fundamental, but it can make a difference.
                 Take, say, right here in Boston, which I’ve been close
            to for many years. The main newspaper here is the Boston
            Globe, probably the most liberal newspaper in the coun-
            try. In the mid-1960s, it was a pretty hawkish, mainstream
            newspaper. It changed, thanks to the inﬂuence of the
            chief editor, Tom Winship, who I knew pretty well. By the
            late 1960s, and partly, I think, through the inﬂuence of his
            son, who was a resister—that’s how I got to know Tom—
            the newspaper changed. It was, I think, the ﬁrst in the
            country to call for withdrawal of U.S. troops from Viet-
            nam.1 And through the 1980s it was one of the few news-
            papers that had some serious coverage of events in Central
            America, actually describing what was happening.
                 When Tom Winship retired, his inﬂuence waned. The
            last editor who was within the Winship system was Kirk
            Scharfenberg, who died in 1992. Since then, the journal
            has returned pretty much to what it was in the 1960s.
            They still have some very good correspondents, and you
            ﬁnd articles in there that are of interest, but the general
            tone of the newspaper has changed quite a lot.
                 Those were modiﬁcations due to the rise of, in this
            case, large-scale and active popular movements, as well as
            individual decisions by editors. I think the opening up of


                                         - 120 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 121




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             the Boston Globe was very important. And that’s tinkering,
             if you like. It didn’t change the corporate structure of the
             journal, which should be done.
                  Tinkering, to borrow your word, is a preliminary to
             large-scale change. There can’t be large-scale structural
             change unless a very substantial part of the population is
             deeply committed to it. It’s going to have to come from
             the organized efforts of a dedicated population. That
             won’t happen, and shouldn’t happen, unless people per-
             ceive that the reform efforts, the tinkering, are running
             into barriers that cannot be overcome without institu-
             tional change. Then you get pressure for institutional
             change. But short of that realization, there is no reason
             why people should take the risks, make the effort, or face
             the uncertainty and the punishment that’s involved in se-
             rious change. That’s why every serious revolutionary is a
             reformist. If you’re a serious revolutionary, you don’t
             want a coup. You want changes to come from below, from
             the organized population. But why should people be
             willing to undertake what’s involved in serious institu-
             tional change unless they think that the institutions don’t
             permit them to achieve just and proper goals?

             Walter Lippmann wrote, “All the world thinks of the United
             States today as an empire, except the people of the United
             States. We shrink from the word ‘empire’ and insist that it
             should not be used to describe the dominion we exercise from
             Alaska to the Philippines, from Cuba to Panama and beyond.


                                        - 121 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 122




                                   Noam Chomsky



            We feel there ought to be some other name for the civilizing
            work we do so reluctantly in these backward countries.” That
            was 1927. Has anything changed?2

            First of all, his comment was a bit too narrow. The con-
            quest of the national territory was also effectively impe-
            rialism. If you look at serious historians of imperialism,
            Bernard Porter, for example, points out that we should
            not succumb to the “saltwater fallacy,” the idea that im-
            perial conquest means crossing a body of saltwater.3 It
            can also mean territorial expansion. As he discusses, the
            territorial expansion of the colonies to what is regarded as
            the national territory is settler colonialism.4 It’s the form
            of imperialism in which you actually get rid of the indige-
            nous population and take it over—an extreme form.
                 The era Lippmann is talking about is the period that
            began in 1898, when the United States moved toward
            saltwater imperialism. One can ask how signiﬁcant a
            change that was. Certainly it’s signiﬁcant, but how signif-
            icant? From the point of view of the indigenous popula-
            tion of the United States, it didn’t matter much whether
            we crossed saltwater or not. The same is true for the Mex-
            icans, when we took half of Mexico in a war of conquest
            one hundred and ﬁfty years ago. But there is a difference.
            Exactly what name you want to use for it I don’t think
            matters very much. “Empire” is a very ambiguous term,
            like most terms of political discourse. It’s conquest and
            domination and hegemony.


                                         - 122 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM     Page 123




                                 W H AT W E S AY G O E S



                 Another qualiﬁcation should be added to Lippmann’s
             point. What he’s describing, kind of ironically—our
             spreading of civilized values and so on—is what’s usually
             called “American exceptionalism” in the scholarly and
             popular literature. The only problem with that is it’s not an
             exception. It’s close to universal. I can’t think of a domi-
             nant conquering power that didn’t describe itself in those
             terms.

             Hannah Arendt wrote, “Imperialism would have necessitated
             the invention of racism as the only possible ‘explanation’ and
             excuse for its deeds, even if no race-thinking had ever existed in
             the civilized world.”5 Does imperialism require racism?

             There is a lot of truth to that. Modern racism is to a sub-
             stantial extent a consequence of imperial conquest. So, for
             example, if you look back at the intellectual debates in
             England and France during the Enlightenment, the eigh-
             teenth century, there were discussions about whether
             apes are different from Negroes, whether they’re hu-
             mans, and whether they have language or the capacity
             for language. In fact, some quite amusing proposals were
             made. For example, one French thinker suggested that
             apes are really smarter than humans because they pre-
             tend they can’t speak.6 They knew that if they spoke, we
             would enslave them, just like we enslaved the others who
             are sort of like them who do speak. This idea may have
             been jest, but it expressed an uncertainty as to whether


                                           - 123 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 124




                                   Noam Chomsky



            other creatures were as noble and advanced as we were,
            or had human souls, for example.
                 Yes, a lot of this is the consequence of conquest. When
            you conquer somebody and suppress them, you have to
            have a reason. You can’t just say, “I’m a son of a bitch and
            I want to rob them.” You have to say it’s for their good,
            they deserve it, or they actually beneﬁt from it. We’re
            helping them. That was the attitude of slave owners. Most
            of them didn’t say, “Look, I’m enslaving these people be-
            cause I want easily exploitable, cheap labor for my own
            beneﬁt.” They said, “We’re doing them a favor. They need
            it.” The anthropologists of the nineteenth century ex-
            plained that blacks had curved spines because they were
            genetically adapted to picking cotton.7 Therefore, we’re
            helping them do what they’re good at. Ideas like this go
            right through the history of imperial conquest. But it took
            on a particularly virulent form with European imperial-
            ism, starting in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries.

            You often cite polls. How do you decide when they are useful?
            A now infamous Harris poll from late July 2006 found that a
            full 50 percent of U.S. respondents, up from 36 percent in Feb-
            ruary 2005, believed that Iraq had weapons of mass destruc-
            tion.8 How would you explain this?

            Actually, that question has been raised in a number of
            polls. Harris polls give good information, but they don’t
            go much into the background. You ﬁnd more detailed


                                         - 124 -
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07     8:42 AM     Page 125




                                  W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             information in the studies of the Program of International
             Policy Attitudes (PIPA) at the University of Maryland.
             Steven Kull, who directs PIPA, noted that the percentage
             of the population that continued to believe Iraq had
             weapons of mass destruction remained fairly steady,
             even after the government had conceded that there were
             none.9 My own feeling is that the reason relates very
             closely to what we were talking about with regard to im-
             perialism. We invaded Iraq. We don’t want to say we’re
             monsters, so we must have had a reason for it. So the rea-
             son must have been that they really did have weapons of
             mass destruction. Yes, somebody in the government
             made some comment, but I’d rather believe Dick Cheney.

             I sense you’re somewhat uneasy talking about the so-called Israel
             lobby in the United States. For a long time, you’ve said it’s a factor
             influencing U.S. foreign policy but is in no way decisive. Do you
             still feel that way?

             Part of the reason I’m reluctant to talk about this is that it
             all vastly underestimates the scale and inﬂuence of the Is-
             rael lobby. Take, say, the outcry over the Rachel Corrie
             play in New York and elsewhere.10 That wasn’t because of
             the intervention of the American Israel Public Affairs
             Committee (AIPAC). That’s a reﬂection of the U.S. intel-
             lectual and cultural community.

             In New York.


                                             - 125 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 126




                                   Noam Chomsky



            In New York and much of the country. New York happens
            to be a center. Los Angeles is another. So is Boston. It’s
            fundamentally the intellectual culture, not just AIPAC or
            the Anti-Defamation League. If you look at the recent pa-
            per by John Mearsheimer and Stephen Walt on the Israel
            lobby, they deﬁne it as those sectors that seek to control
            opinion and attitudes to elicit support for Israeli policies,
            including aggression, atrocities, and so on.11 Okay, let’s
            take that deﬁnition of the lobby. The main component of
            it is the U.S. intellectual community and the media.
            AIPAC doesn’t write the editorials of the New York Times.
                 You have to look at the broader intellectual culture.
            And you can date the beginning of the enthusiastic sup-
            port for Israel in the culture pretty well, since 1967. Be-
            fore 1967, the intellectual community was skeptical about
            Israel or uninterested in it. That changed.
                 If you look at Norman Podhoretz’s book Making It,
            a kind of self-advertisement that came out in 1967,
            there is barely a mention of Israel.12 In the mid-1950s,
            Commentary—now a rabid, ultra-extremist Israeli propa-
            ganda journal—was considered so critical of Israel the
            American Jewish Committee created an independent jour-
            nal called Midstream to present the Israeli point of view.
            Take a look at Dissent. They don’t like the description, but
            its support for Israeli crimes is often shocking. Its current
            issue compares Israel’s invasion of Lebanon to our own
            “misadventure” in Iraq, and laments that “Israel failed to
            achieve its aims at great cost to Lebanon and to itself.”13


                                         - 126 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 127




                                 W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             That’s called criticism. But if you look back pre-1967,
             there was almost nothing on Israel. People writing for
             Dissent regarded Zionism as uninteresting or maybe a
             nationalist diversion.

             So it’s your view that after June 1967, U.S. elites saw Israel as
             a military power that it could use in the Middle East?

             From the point of view of the U.S. government, the 1967
             war and Israel’s huge military success essentially con-
             ﬁrmed earlier thoughts that you see in the intelligence
             record of the National Security Council and other plan-
             ning institutions.14 A “logical corollary” of opposition to
             “radical Arab nationalism,” meaning independent Arab
             nationalism, “would be to support Israel as the only
             strong pro-West power left in the Near East,” and there-
             fore the most reliable base for U.S. power in that part of
             the world. I’m quoting from documents written in 1958, a
             very signiﬁcant year in U.S.-Mideast affairs.15 Israel was
             the only country to have participated in the British-
             American interventions in the region—in Lebanon and
             Jordan, particularly—to try to prevent the spread of the
             threat of Iraqi nationalism after the overthrow of the
             British-backed government in Baghdad in 1958. Israel
             was the only country that helped out. They allowed over-
             ﬂights and so on, which solidiﬁed these earlier proposals
             about Israel’s role as an ally. Back in 1948, the Joint Chiefs
             of Staff had indicated that Israel was potentially the most


                                          - 127 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM     Page 128




                                   Noam Chomsky



            powerful military force in the region after Turkey, and
            that it could be a base for U.S. power.16
                 But 1967 nailed it down. The main importance was
            that Nasser was destroyed. Nasser was the symbol and
            the center of secular Arab nationalism. The U.S. govern-
            ment was afraid of what he represented. For one thing,
            Nasser was ﬁghting a proxy war with Saudi Arabia in
            Yemen, so he was regarded as a threat to the Saudi
            monarchy—the oldest and most valued U.S. ally in the
            region, because that’s where the oil is.
                 Remember, throughout history, the United States has
            tended to support the most extreme fundamentalist Is-
            lamic groups and to oppose secular nationalism. So,
            Israel smashed Nasser and destroyed the threat of secular
            nationalism. There was a lingering concern that the Arabs
            might want to use the wealth of the region for their own
            population, not for Western wealth and power, with a lit-
            tle bit raked off for the gangsters that run the countries.
            That’s a major threat. Israel ﬁnished that, which ﬁrmed
            up the U.S.-Israeli alliance and led to a very quick
            change.

            U.S. aid to Israel skyrocketed.

            The aid skyrocketed. But also the attitudes of educated
            elites toward Israel changed radically. When Israel inter-
            vened to prevent a potential Syrian move to protect Pales-
            tinians who were being massacred by the Jordanian army


                                          - 128 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 129




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             during Black September in 1970, U.S. aid to Israel again
             increased dramatically. And other attitudes changed
             sharply. That’s when you start getting concern about the
             Holocaust. Before that, when people could have actually
             done something for Holocaust victims—say, in the late
             1940s—they didn’t do anything. That changed after 1967.
             Now you have Holocaust museums all over the country.
             It’s the biggest issue, and you have to study it every-
             where, mourn it. But not when you could have done
             something about it.
                  There were other factors at play, too. You have to re-
             member what was going on in 1967. First of all, the
             United States was ﬁghting a war in Vietnam and had not
             been able to crush Vietnamese resistance. Later, intellec-
             tual elites will tell you that they were always against the
             war, but if you look back at the time, it’s not true. I went
             through a lot of the literature of the Kennedy memoirists
             and others.17 People just changed their stories. Arthur
             Schlesinger, for example, says almost nothing about Viet-
             nam in his almost hour-by-hour account of the Kennedy
             administration in 1962.18 It was barely discussed. In his
             later version, when he reconstructed the history, Vietnam
             was a major issue.19 Kennedy was trying to get out of
             Vietnam, and they were discussing it. Everyone suddenly
             became a longtime opponent of the war
                  It’s very much like Iraq today. The so-called oppo-
             nents of the war overwhelmingly are opponents of U.S.
             failure, not opponents of the war. As Schlesinger put it at


                                        - 129 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 130




                                   Noam Chomsky



            the time, when he was criticizing Joseph Alsop, the right-
            wing supporter of the war in Vietnam, “We all pray that
            Mr. Alsop will be right” and that the United States will
            win. And if it does, “we may all be saluting the wisdom
            and statesmanship of the American government” in win-
            ning a victory, even if we turn Vietnam into “a land of
            ruin and wreck.”20 But Alsop’s expectations are probably
            too hopeful, so therefore we have to oppose the war.
            That’s the kind of opposition there was. Later, when the
            war became unpopular, it changed.
                As an aside, we might notice how little has changed
            in liberal intellectual ideology. Now, “we all pray” that
            Mr. Kristol will be right in believing that with more force
            the United States can win in Iraq, and if he is right, we
            may all be praising “the wisdom and statesmanship” of
            the Bush administration in establishing a client state—
            which we will call independent—in “a land of ruin and
            wreck.” But Kristol is probably too optimistic.
                So, we’re at a time, 1967, when the intellectual world
            was pretty much the way Schlesinger described, hoping
            for victory, deeply concerned that we weren’t succeeding
            in beating up those little yellow bastards. And then Israel
            came along and showed how to treat third world people
            properly: you kick them in the face. Israel won a lot of
            points for that. People were making jokes about sending
            Moshe Dayan over to Vietnam so we could do it right.
                Furthermore, there were things happening inside the
            United States. This was what is now called the “time of


                                         - 130 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 131




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             troubles,” meaning the time when our society was becom-
             ing much more civilized. The women’s movement was be-
             ginning, the student movement. Students weren’t just
             taking orders. Martin Luther King was beginning to or-
             ganize a poor people’s movement. The people who were
             supposed to be passive, acquiescent, and obedient were
             standing up for their rights. That’s terrifying. Again, sym-
             bolically, Israel showed us how to deal with them. You
             smash them in the face.
                  Shortly after this came the Ocean Hill and Brownsville
             conﬂict in New York, the struggle between the teachers’
             unions and the black communities. The teachers’ unions
             were substantially Jewish, members of a poor immigrant
             community of a generation earlier who had worked
             themselves up, just like the Irish and others. They had
             moved into the bureaucracy and the better positions. And
             now the people down at the bottom were trying to do
             what they had done thirty years ago—run their own
             schools, ﬁght for their own rights. And you had a sharp
             conﬂict. I can remember relatives in the teachers’ union
             who had been Communists all their lives suddenly be-
             coming ultra-right-wingers because of this. Again, sym-
             bolically, Israel showed us how to deal with it.
                  It also became possible to exploit support for Israel as
             a weapon to beat the hated New Left. Daniel Berrigan
             and the young students who were not properly deferen-
             tial could be condemned as being not properly enthusias-
             tic in their support of Israel. They were mostly dovish


                                         - 131 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 132




                                   Noam Chomsky



            Zionists, which was converted into the charge that they
            wanted to destroy Israel and implant a bloody dictator-
            ship there. Irving Howe was particularly adept in resort-
            ing to this device, though there were others as well. I
            reviewed a lot of the attacks at the time—an interesting
            record of deceit in the service of power, and often self-
            aggrandizement, by now well suppressed.21
                 I think all of this had a dramatic effect. Since then,
            you have overwhelming distortion of the picture of Israel
            and of the Israeli-Palestinian conﬂict. But not because of
            AIPAC. They’re just a small part of it.
                 Mearsheimer and Walt narrow the focus. They deﬁne
            the lobby properly, but then they narrow the focus to
            some Jewish organizations. They do point out that the
            numerically biggest group—and politically most inﬂuen-
            tial, probably—is the right-wing Christian evangelicals.
            They may be anti-Semites, but they’re strongly in support
            of anything Israel does because that’s God’s will. But I
            think the importance of the intellectual community—the
            media, the journalists, a lot of scholarship, the framework
            in which people perceive things—is very much under-
            estimated.
                 AIPAC didn’t stop the Rachel Corrie play. Though
            they would like to, they don’t have economic power over
            the media. Surely they have an inﬂuence on Congress,
            but if you look at their inﬂuence on Congress, a lot of it is
            symbolic. It’s very easy for Congress to pass resolutions
            that they know will not be implemented but will pick up


                                         - 132 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 133




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             support. Almost annually Congress votes to move the
             U.S. embassy to Jerusalem.22 They know it’s not going to
             happen. The consequences would be unacceptable. But
             they can vote for the bill, announce it on the ﬂoor of Con-
             gress, and pick up campaign contributions.
                  Mearsheimer and Walt also say that the pro-Israel
             lobby—mostly AIPAC and so on—has harmed the na-
             tional interest of the United States. What does the “na-
             tional interest” mean? That’s a mystical term in what’s
             called “realist international relations theory.” The realist
             tradition, which Mearsheimer and Walt come from,
             claims that states pursue the national interest. What is the
             national interest? I think Adam Smith was right when he
             said that the “national interest” is the interest of the “prin-
             cipal architects” of policy.23 In his day, it was the mer-
             chants and manufacturers. Today, it’s multinational
             corporations and so on. But the realist school doesn’t dis-
             cuss that. Realist international relations theory largely
             disregards the internal distribution of domestic power.
                  If we go back to Adam Smith’s perspective, there is
             an easy way of testing Mearsheimer and Walt’s thesis
             that the national interest has been harmed by U.S. policy
             toward Israel. If Mearsheimer and Walt were right, I
             would be overjoyed. I wouldn’t have to bother writing ar-
             ticles, giving talks, being viliﬁed. I would drop the whole
             business. I would put on a jacket and a tie, go visit Warren
             Buffet and the corporate headquarters of Lockheed Mar-
             tin, Intel, and ExxonMobil, and explain to them patiently


                                         - 133 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 134




                                   Noam Chomsky



            that their interests are being harmed by a lobby they can
            put out of business in thirty seconds with their political
            clout and economic power. That’s the tactical conclusion
            that should be drawn from the Mearsheimer and Walt
            discussion. But nobody pursues that tactic, and for a good
            reason, because Adam Smith was right and the “principal
            architects” of policy are doing just ﬁne. Just yesterday, for
            example, ExxonMobil announced the biggest proﬁts of
            any U.S. corporation in history, beating the record from
            the year before, which they had also set.24 Lockheed Mar-
            tin has got money coming out of its ears. Warren Buffet
            has just bought up a big industry in Israel. Intel has major
            facilities there.25 We can go on through the list. They’re
            doing ﬁne. It’s not harming their interest.
                 I think U.S. policies toward Israel are very harmful to
            the American people and to future generations. But that’s
            not what determines policy.

            A point of clarification. Did you mean to say that Mearsheimer
            and Walt were underestimating the power of the lobby?

            Seriously underestimating the power of the lobby as they
            deﬁne it. And I accept their deﬁnition. If we deﬁne the
            lobby as those groups that are attempting to inﬂuence
            opinion, attitude, and policies to support what Israel is
            doing—occupation, aggression, and so on—then they’re
            underestimating it, because they’re omitting its major




                                         - 134 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 135




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             component, which is the people they meet in the faculty
             club every day.
                  Let me make just one more comment about this. Since
             the goals of the “principal architects of policy” in the
             United States have conformed pretty closely to Israeli
             policies after 1967, just as a matter of logic, if we want to
             estimate the inﬂuence of groups like AIPAC and others,
             we have to look at the cases where those policies diverge.
             So where does U.S. state policy diverge from Israeli gov-
             ernment policy? Those are the cases we should look at to
             see how inﬂuential the lobby is. The cases where they
             conform don’t tell you anything. So you look at the cases
             where they diverge.
                  There are cases, and they’re interesting. A major one
             just came up two years ago. Israel is by now kind of like a
             caricature of the United States in many ways. Many of
             the features of U.S. society have been taken over and ex-
             aggerated in Israel. So it’s now to a large extent a highly
             militarized high-tech society, where the economy is based
             essentially on export of advanced military armaments. Is-
             rael needs markets, and the main market is China. But
             the United States doesn’t want Israel to sell high-tech
             arms to China. So repeatedly there have been serious con-
             ﬂicts over this. Each time Israel has backed down, and the
             lobby has been silent. The last major case was in 2005. Is-
             rael wanted to repair high-tech antiaircraft missiles it
             had sold to China.26 The Israeli government insisted that




                                        - 135 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 136




                                   Noam Chomsky



            it wouldn’t be pressured on this. It was too important.
            They are an independent country. But the Bush adminis-
            tration ordered Israel not to do it, and insisted on publicly
            humiliating them. Washington refused to allow high-
            level Israeli military ofﬁcials to visit the United States.
            Their counterparts here wouldn’t talk to them. They
            forced Israel to ﬁre one of their main ofﬁcials, and in-
            sisted on a public apology. They really dragged them
            through the mud. Of course, Israel agreed. What can they
            do? Israel can’t face down the United States.
                 What was particularly interesting was the reaction of
            the lobby. Try to ﬁnd it. All of this was barely reported in
            the United States. The lobby was quiet, whether in the
            Mearsheimer and Walt deﬁnition of the lobby or the in-
            tellectuals. They were all quiet because they know better
            than to confront power. If you can go along with power,
            that’s ﬁne. Then they can be strident and outspoken. But
            when confronted with real power, they back off. This is
            not the ﬁrst time it has happened. It happened with Clin-
            ton in connection with Phalcon technology.27 It has hap-
            pened repeatedly in the past. One quite important case
            was in 1993, when Israel and North Korea were close to
            an agreement that North Korea would end missile ex-
            ports to the Middle East in return for diplomatic recogni-
            tion and aid.28 That’s very signiﬁcant for Israeli security.
            The Clinton administration blocked it. The lobby, whether
            in the broad or narrow sense, was silent. I think that’s a
            rather general pattern when Israeli interests conﬂict with


                                         - 136 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM     Page 137




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             serious U.S. state interests. So when you really run into
             conﬂicts, it’s pretty clear who wins, and not surprising.

             Jimmy Carter’s new book is Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid.29
             In a review in the Nation, Henry Siegman writes, “Not the
             least of the ironies of the controversy generated by Carter’s
             book, or by its title, is that on any day of the week, there ap-
             pear in virtually all major Israeli newspapers and in its other
             media far more extreme criticisms of the policies of various Is-
             raeli governments than one finds anywhere in the United
             States. Most of Israel’s adversarial editorializing would not
             be accepted in the op-ed pages of America’s leading newspa-
             pers.”30 Is Siegman on target with that?

             I think he’s purposely exaggerating. It’s not every day,
             but the basic point is correct. So take, say, the word
             apartheid, which drove people berserk. The Boston Globe
             editors bitterly denounced it.31 You can read the word
             regularly in the editorials in Ha’aretz, in reports of
             B’Tselem, the main Israeli human rights group, and in
             commentaries by leading analysts. You can read it in Is-
             rael, just not here. People like Meron Benvenisti have
             been using the term for years. It’s kind of common coin,
             talking about exactly what Carter is talking about,
             what’s happening in the occupied territories. Actually
             talking about the occupied territories is an underestimate,
             because to a nontrivial extent apartheid exists within Is-
             rael itself—but that topic is untouchable. However, just


                                          - 137 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 138




                                   Noam Chomsky



            keeping to the territories, as Carter did, he’s describing
            a system for which “apartheid” may be an under-
            estimate.
                 Carter’s book is relatively free of errors, but there are
            some. The most serious error is that he buys uncritically
            the standard line here that Israel’s invasion of Lebanon in
            1982—the worst atrocity they’ve carried out, killing some
            15,000 to 20,000 people and wrecking much of the
            country—was a reaction to PLO attacks across the bor-
            der.32 That’s the standard line here, but it’s a total fabrica-
            tion. The fact of the matter is that Israel was attempting to
            elicit PLO actions as an excuse for the invasion. There
            was a cease-ﬁre in place, which the Palestinians ob-
            served. Israel didn’t. The Israelis kept bombing and at-
            tacking. When they couldn’t elicit a pretext, they just
            bombed anyway, inventing one.
                 If you go back to the Israeli press, they were straight
            about it at the time, right away. A couple of weeks after
            the invasion, Ha’aretz, the main newspaper, published an
            article by its leading specialist on the Palestinians,
            Yehoshua Porath, a scholar who is pretty conservative, in
            which he pointed out that the reason for the invasion was
            that Palestinian offers of diplomacy and negotiation were
            becoming a real embarrassment. As he put it, they were
            “a veritable catastrophe” for Israel.33 In order to undercut
            them, it was necessary to destroy the PLO and try to
            drive them back to terrorism. Israel doesn’t care about




                                         - 138 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 139




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             PLO terrorism. But calls for negotiation and diplomacy,
             that’s a real threat. In Israel’s main newspaper, Porath
             openly called the invasion a war for the West Bank. The
             highest political and military echelon also described it
             that way. But here’s a book that’s taken to be critical of Is-
             rael and it repeats the absurd propaganda line. It’s not
             surprising when Thomas Friedman writes this, but it is
             interesting when Carter does.
                 The hysterical denunciations of Carter also omit the
             most important part of his book. He is, I believe, the ﬁrst
             person in the mainstream to have reported something
             discussed previously only in dissident circles: that the
             United States and Israel effectively rejected the “road
             map” of the Quartet (the United States, European Union,
             Russia, and the UN). Technically, Israel accepted it,
             while quietly issuing fourteen “reservations” that evis-
             cerated it, supported by the Bush administration. Carter
             reports this, and includes the reservations in an appen-
             dix.34 That’s quite signiﬁcant. The road map is supposed
             to be the heart of U.S. policy—of Bush’s “vision,” as the
             media call it.35 But in reality, U.S.-Israeli policy is that
             Palestinians must be punished severely for voting the
             wrong way in a free election until the political organiza-
             tion that gained a plurality of the votes, Hamas, accepts
             three conditions. It must recognize Israel (or, more ab-
             surdly, Israel’s abstract “right to exist”), renounce violence,
             and accept the road map (along with other agreements).




                                         - 139 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 140




                                   Noam Chomsky



            The United States and Israel reject all three. They of
            course do not recognize Palestine or renounce violence.
            And they have effectively rejected the road map and
            other agreements. These matters fall into the undiscuss-
            able category, which, I presume, is why the most impor-
            tant part of Carter’s book remains unmentioned.




                                         - 140 -
What We Say Goes PAGES     16/8/07   8:42 AM       Page 141




                                     s   e     v       e   n




                                 Threats


                         Lexington, Massachusetts (March 1, 2007)


             Let’s start by talking about some threats to the planet. On Feb-
             ruary 2, the United Nations issued a report saying that it was
             “unequivocal” that global warming is occurring and is “very
             likely” the result of human activity. Eleven of the dozen years
             since 1995 were among the twelve hottest years since 1850,
             when temperatures were first widely recorded.1

             That’s one threat. The effects of global warming are going
             to come, but you can mitigate them, adjust to them, and
             prepare for them. The disaster is not imminent. In the
             case of nuclear weapons, on the other hand, a disaster is
             always imminent, and the likelihood of catastrophe is in-
             creasing. The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists recently




                                             - 141 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 142




                                   Noam Chomsky



            moved its doomsday clock up a couple of minutes to “ﬁve
            minutes to midnight.”2 Even conservatives like George
            Shultz and Henry Kissinger are warning that the nuclear
            threat is serious and getting more serious.3 In part, the
            threat comes from nuclear proliferation. But a lot of the
            cause of the proliferation is right here. Washington’s belli-
            cose, aggressive militarism is causing proliferation.
                 Actually, you can read about this on the front page of
            the New York Times today.4 Intelligence sources are now
            conceding, a bit evasively, that they “misread” the intelli-
            gence about North Korea at the very same moment that
            they “misread” the intelligence about Iraq. In fact, they
            are escalating the crisis, leading to North Korea develop-
            ing a plutonium bomb and missiles. Proliferation is a
            problem, and it’s being instigated by the aggressive mili-
            tarism of the Bush administration, but the main problem
            remains the stocks of nuclear weapons in the hands of the
            Great Powers. What’s happening in this area is also
            largely a consequence of U.S. initiatives.
                 And there is a third serious problem, which also
            could be imminent. Avian ﬂu is now essentially uncon-
            trollable. If it makes the small leap to a form that can in-
            fect humans, which every scientist thinks it’s going to do,
            avian ﬂu could spread very rapidly and put hundreds of
            millions of people at severe risk.5 That requires substan-
            tial preparations, ﬁrst of all, developing vaccines and so
            on, but also having the infrastructure—hospitals, doc-
            tors, supplies—needed to deal with the pandemic. Birds


                                         - 142 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM     Page 143




                                 W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             ﬂy all over the place. It’s not going to be controllable. It
             could be extremely serious. And nowhere near enough is
             being done about it or even talked about except among
             specialist circles, kind of like global warming twenty
             years ago. Now at least global warming is sort of in the
             open. Even the Bush administration doesn’t deny it—
             they just don’t do anything about it.

             Another issue is the global availability of fresh water.

             That’s extremely serious. As usual, the poor and op-
             pressed suffer the consequences the most. One of the an-
             ticipated effects of global warming—and it’s already
             happening—is melting of ice deposits on mountains, gla-
             ciers, and so on. The effect of that could be to turn large ar-
             eas, including very arable areas such as Pakistan, into
             deserts.6 Desertiﬁcation is extending in the Sahara.7 And
             there could be some effects here, too. Even in rich indus-
             trial countries, water management is extremely poor.
             There is tremendous leakage and inefﬁciency. There are
             millions of people in the world who don’t get drinkable
             water—probably billions.8 That has always been a serious
             problem, and it’s now growing. The World Bank has done
             a couple of studies.9

             It seems the issues that we’re talking about require some kind of
             global governance rather than individual nations dealing with
             these problems.


                                           - 143 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 144




                                   Noam Chomsky



            It requires cooperative action. We’re not going to have a
            global government because the Great Powers, including
            the United States, would never concede any of their
            sovereignty.

            Even if they were threatened with extinction?

            That depends very much on whether—let’s keep to
            ourselves—the United States can become a functioning
            democratic society. It’s quite likely that the population
            would accept a decline of sovereignty, but they don’t run
            the country. There is a huge gap between public opinion
            and public policy on this issue, too. As far as I know, no
            pollsters have posed the question in the form that you
            just did. But for a long time, the general population has
            been highly supportive of UN initiatives to deal with
            global problems and even security problems. A majority
            of the population is even in favor of giving up the United
            Nations Security Council veto and following the general
            will.10 There is not a whisper of that in elite circles or in
            the political class.

            Nevertheless, in terms of long-term survival, even ruling elites
            have to be concerned about their very viability.

            They have short-term perspectives. The people in the Bush
            administration or at ExxonMobil who are pretending that
            global warming isn’t happening and blocking steps to do


                                         - 144 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 145




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             anything about it—they have grandchildren, too, who
             have to survive. But it just isn’t a factor in decision making.

             ExxonMobil actually has been spending millions of dollars—

             To support research to show ﬂaws in the scientiﬁc theo-
             ries.11 Do they have grandchildren, those CEOs? It’s not
             that they’re bad people, it’s that their institutional role—
             in fact, their legal obligation—is to make short-term
             proﬁt and gain short-term market share.

             Nevertheless, it would seem that there would be some concern
             about preserving their own institutions.

             Look at automobile companies. They’re now going into
             decline, maybe terminal decline, in the United States.
             They knew about what was happening decades ago and
             didn’t prepare for it because they’re interested in short-
             term proﬁt and market share. They knew that huge, over-
             powered, heavy vehicles weren’t going to last because of
             the energy crisis, pollution, and congestion, but they
             could make short-term proﬁt. In the longer term, they’re
             being pushed out of business. They probably would
             have been put out of business in the 1980s if the Reagan
             administration, which was the most protectionist in post-
             war history, hadn’t virtually doubled protectionist mea-
             sures to try to allow the automotive, steel, and other
             industries to overcome huge management failures and


                                         - 145 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 146




                                   Noam Chomsky



            reconstitute themselves in the face of superior Japanese
            competition.
                Or take, say, Britain, the major great power that pre-
            ceded the United States, though never on the same scale.
            Britain talked about free trade in the late nineteenth cen-
            tury when they were so far ahead of the rest of the world
            in industrialization that British manufacturers assumed
            they could win in any competition. They were happy to
            brieﬂy and selectively level the playing ﬁeld, but with
            plenty of constraints. For example, they kept India as a
            protected market. By the time the Japanese became too
            competitive in the 1920s, British industry couldn’t com-
            pete, and Britain just closed off the empire to Japanese ex-
            ports in 1932. That’s a signiﬁcant part of the background
            for World War II in the Paciﬁc—a major part, in fact. If
            you looked ahead, you could see this was going to hap-
            pen. But thinking ahead is not a characteristic of power
            centers, so-called statesmen, corporate executives. They
            have short-term gains that they’re pursuing.
                We can see it right in front of us. Look at, say, the Iraq
            war. It was undertaken with the expectation that it would
            lead to an increase in terror and nuclear proliferation,
            which is exactly what happened, on a scale that is far be-
            yond what was anticipated. There is a new study just done
            by a couple of major terrorism specialists, Peter Bergen
            and others, and their estimate is that what they call “the
            Iraq effect”—the effect of the Iraq war on terrorism—has
            been a “sevenfold increase in the yearly rate of fatal


                                         - 146 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 147




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             jihadist attacks,” focused particularly on regions and
             populations that have been involved in the invasion,
             “amounting to literally hundreds of additional terrorist
             attacks and thousands of civilian lives lost.”12 That’s quite
             an increase. It’s a long, careful, important study, using the
             Rand Corporation database.13 I haven’t seen anything
             about the report in the mainstream press.
                  You can also see this short-term thinking right now in
             the case of Iran. I don’t know if the Bush administration
             is planning to invade, but in order to achieve a short-term
             gain in domestic political power and shifting attention
             away from their catastrophe in Iraq, war planners may
             trap themselves into invading, with consequences that
             are unimaginable.
                  Or look at North Korea. A couple of weeks ago, North
             Korea reached a tentative agreement about ultimately
             ending its nuclear programs in return for providing en-
             ergy assistance.14 The way this was described here was
             that North Korea had backed down and was ﬁnally agree-
             ing to negotiations because of its isolation. What actually
             happened is quite different, and anyone who has been fol-
             lowing the issue knows it, including people being quoted.
             In September 2005, a very far-reaching agreement was
             made in which North Korea committed to dismantle its nu-
             clear weapons programs completely, and in return the
             United States would terminate hostile gestures and threats,
             would provide a light-water reactor, as had been promised
             years earlier, and would move toward normalization of


                                        - 147 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 148




                                   Noam Chomsky




            relations with North Korea.15 If that had been imple-
            mented, there wouldn’t have been a North Korean bomb
            test, there wouldn’t have been the current conﬂict, which
            is always verging on the edge of nuclear war.
                 What happened then in September 2005? A few days
            after the agreement, the United States forced banks to
            freeze North Korean assets to cut them off from the world
            and in effect terminated the consortium that was talking
            about the light-water reactor. The grounds were that
            North Korea was using banks for illegal transfers, for
            counterfeiting.16 Well, maybe. If you look in the small
            print, again in today’s New York Times, you will notice
            that the main bank involved, Banco Delta Asia, said it
            had “no evidence of such activities for North Korea.”17
            The Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, a conservative and
            respected German newspaper, published a report a cou-
            ple of months ago that alleged that the counterfeiting was
            being carried out by the Central Intelligence Agency.18
            Who knows? Whatever it was, these hostile gestures to-
            ward North Korea undermined the agreement and of
            course drove North Korea once again to a hostile reac-
            tion, leading to a crisis. Now they’re going back to some-
            thing like the agreement that the United States
            undermined in September 2005.
                 It’s not that these things are unpredictable. If you
            threaten people, they’re going to create defenses.
                 Or take the Chinese. In a demonstration of their mili-
            tary capacity, the Chinese recently shot down one of their


                                         - 148 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 149




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S




             own anti-satellite systems.19 Afterward, there was a big
             hubbub: China is starting the Cold War, they’re a major
             threat, and so on. All this is totally predictable. I wrote
             about the possibility of this happening years ago—not be-
             cause I have any insight, I was just quoting the major
             strategic analysts. You can read about it in Hegemony or
             Survival.20 I quoted the Rand Corporation, leading mili-
             tary ﬁgures, and so on, all of whom pointed out the obvi-
             ous, that other countries regard what we call “missile
             defense” as a ﬁrst-strike weapon. A missile shield could
             never impede a ﬁrst strike, but it could conceivably im-
             pede a retaliatory strike. So if you have a functioning mis-
             sile defense system, and the adversary has no way around
             it, they’re going to understand it as a ﬁrst-strike weapon.
             You can attack them, and they can’t retaliate.
                  So of course they’re going to ﬁnd ways around missile
             defense. And one of the ways to do it—and this was pre-
             dicted long ago—is to destroy the U.S. satellite system,
             which is a lot easier than shooting down missiles. And the
             Chinese test is an indication that they’re pursuing this ap-
             proach. The same is true with the uproar about the Rus-
             sian president, Vladimir Putin, re-creating the Cold War by
             objecting to an anti-missile system in eastern Europe.21

             There is the speech he gave in Munich.

             If you look at what he said, it is not really controversial.
             Maybe you don’t like the tone, but the facts are correct, and


                                         - 149 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 150




                                   Noam Chomsky



            there is a background to it. The Russians really have secu-
            rity problems. They were practically destroyed a couple
            of times in the last century by Germany alone. In 1990,
            Mikhail Gorbachev made the quite remarkable conces-
            sion of allowing the uniﬁcation of Germany within the
            NATO military alliance.22 So a country that had practi-
            cally destroyed Russia twice in that century was allowed
            to be part of a huge hostile military alliance, always
            aimed at Russia, of course. It was an incredible gesture by
            Gorbachev, but there was a quid pro quo. The George
            Bush I administration had to pledge that NATO would
            not expand eastward. That was the bargain. Clinton came
            in and broke the bargain. He expanded NATO to the
            east.23 Now the United States is planning to put an anti-
            missile system in eastern Europe, claiming it’s going to
            stop missiles from Iran.24 Just think it through. Suppose
            Iran had nuclear weapons and missiles that could reach
            Europe. Under what conditions would they ever use
            them? In a ﬁrst strike against Europe? Unless they’re de-
            termined to commit suicide, Iran would never do that.
            Any possibility, however remote, of an Iranian missile
            aimed at Europe is a deterrent against U.S. attack.
                 The Russians have every reason to regard an anti-
            missile system as part of a ﬁrst-strike weapon against
            them. Suppose the Russians were putting up an anti-
            missile system in Canada. Do you think the United States
            would cheer? We would go to war, because we under-
            stand it to be a ﬁrst-strike weapon. And so do they, and so


                                         - 150 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 151




                               W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             do analysts on all sides. Nevertheless we’re going ahead
             with it, increasing the threat of destruction.
                 China for years has been in the lead at the United Na-
             tions in trying to establish treaties that would preserve
             space for peaceful uses.25 The United States has blocked
             such efforts unilaterally—it goes back to Clinton, inci-
             dentally, but intensiﬁed substantially with Bush—
             increasing the likelihood of an arms race in space, which
             very signiﬁcantly increases the risk of even accidental de-
             struction. And it could mean terminal destruction. But
             the U.S. government proceeds, knowing the risks and just
             not caring about them.

             Let’s move on to what’s happening in the media landscape.
             The traditional print media, newspapers and magazines, are
             losing readers, whereas there has been the tremendous growth
             of Web sites, from ZNet and Common Dreams to Counter-
             Punch and AlterNet. What do you see happening in terms of
             the media?

             The media, I presume, will adjust to this with online pub-
             lication with advertisements and so on. The Internet does,
             as you say, provide opportunities to obtain information
             and an extremely wide variety of viewpoints. That’s a
             good in itself. But there is a downside. The downside is
             that you are so ﬂooded with material that unless you
             have an understanding of the world that is sufﬁcient to
             allow you to be selective, you can be drawn into completely


                                        - 151 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 152




                                   Noam Chomsky



            crazed cocoons of wild interpretation. That happens all
            over the place. Built into the Internet is a system for creat-
            ing cults. So, for example, if I had a blog, which I don’t,
            and I put up something that is a slightly novel and maybe
            questionable interpretation of some event—the Bush ad-
            ministration is trying to poison the water in Boston or
            something, to pick at random—tomorrow somebody else
            would say, “That’s right, but it’s worse than you think.”
            And pretty soon you would develop a cult of people
            proving that the Bush administration is trying to poison
            the world’s water. It’s extremely easy to get caught up in
            that kind of cultlike behavior, which has a cocoonlike
            property similar to other religious cults, immune to evi-
            dence, immune to argument.

            So what would you suggest to someone surfing the Internet?

            Surﬁng the Internet makes about as much sense as for,
            say, a biologist to read all the biology journals. You will
            never learn anything that way. No serious scientist does
            that. The literature is massive. You get ﬂooded by it. A
            good scientist is one who knows what to look for, so you
            disregard tons of stuff and you see a little thing some-
            where else. The same is true of a good newspaper reader.
            Whether it’s in print or on the Internet, you have to know
            what to look for. That requires a knowledge of history, an
            understanding of the backgrounds, a conception of the
            way the media function as ﬁlters and interpreters of the


                                         - 152 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 153




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             world. Then you know what to look for. And the same is
             true on the Internet.

             What do you think are going to be the archives of the future?
             Everything seems to be moving toward an electronic archive.
             How secure would they be?

             Do you want them to be secure?

             If you were a historian, wouldn’t you?

             No. If you’re a historian, you want them to be open. If you
             look through the record of declassiﬁed documents, what
             you discover, I believe, is that they are very often con-
             cerned with security, but for the most part the security of
             the state against its own population. The state doesn’t
             want the population to know what it’s up to.
                  Take, say, right now. It would be nice to have the
             White House archives on their planning concerning Iran.
             They’re keeping it secret, of course. Governments always
             keep such things secret. But are they keeping it secret
             from Iran or are they keeping it secret from the U.S. pop-
             ulation, 75 percent of which already thinks we should
             abandon threats and turn to diplomacy?26 I think if these
             archives ever come out, we’ll discover they were keeping
             it secret from the population.
                  Iran knows what’s happening. Washington releases
             information for the ears of Iranian intelligence that the


                                         - 153 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 154




                                   Noam Chomsky



            planners don’t even publish for the population here. Like
            when the Bush administration sends one hundred ad-
            vanced jet bombers to Israel, advertised in the military lit-
            erature as capable of bombing Iran, that’s for the ears of
            Iranian intelligence, not the American population, so it
            doesn’t even get published here.27 It would be very good
            to see those archives right now.

            So you’re not too concerned about future archives being elec-
            tronically stored.

            Anything can be a problem, but by and large I think it’s a
            good thing. In fact, for researchers, having the archives
            electronically available is a tremendous boon. I’ll just talk
            about myself. I used to have to buy the volumes of the
            Foreign Relations of the United States, huge volumes that
            are in the cellar. You pore through them just to ﬁnd little
            tidbits that are signiﬁcant here and there, maybe 5 per-
            cent of the material. Now they’re electronically available.
            You can ﬁnd what you’re looking for very quickly.

            In recent years, there has been a marked growth in independent
            media, sometimes called alternative media. Amy Goodman’s
            Democracy Now! is on more than five hundred radio and TV
            stations.

            I heard of some guy in Boulder, Colorado, who is getting
            a lot of stuff out, too.


                                         - 154 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM     Page 155




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             I don’t know about that. But there are community radio sta-
             tions across the country.

             It is in many places, not in all. Boston, where I live, has
             been singularly lacking in community radio for a long
             time, and still pretty much is. I travel around the country
             a lot, and I haven’t really investigated it systematically,
             but my pretty strong impression is that in places that have
             community radio the people are more organized, active,
             and engaged, are working together, and so on. It’s kind of
             a central focus from which activists can interact with each
             other and act cooperatively.
                  There is a fair amount of activism in Boston, but it’s
             extremely atomized. One group doesn’t know what an-
             other group is doing a couple miles away. If there were
             something more central, that problem could be overcome.
             And community radio performs that service, apart from
             providing the kinds of materials that you get on Democ-
             racy Now! or on your programs at Alternative Radio.

             It’s almost become a cliché that as long as there is no draft or
             economic collapse, people are too complacent and too comfort-
             able to fight power. Do you accept that?

             I think the evidence for that view is very slim. The talk
             about the draft was an excuse by Vietnam War supporters
             to try to explain why the population had turned so
             strongly against the war at a time when elites had not


                                          - 155 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 156




                                   Noam Chomsky



            yet really turned against it. They said, “It’s because peo-
            ple are afraid they’re going to get drafted.” There is very
            limited evidence to support that. In fact, by 1969, around
            70 percent of the general population described the war as
            “fundamentally wrong and immoral,” not as a “mis-
            take.”28 They didn’t say, “We don’t like it because our
            children are getting drafted.” I think those are largely
            fabrications by apologists for state violence.

            What about economic collapse?

            The same thing. Was there an economic collapse in the
            1960s, when major social programs were instituted as a
            result of popular pressure—the civil rights movement,
            Medicare, social beneﬁts, and so on? It was not the result
            of economic collapse. That was a period of peak eco-
            nomic progress. Or take, say, the 1980s. For most of the
            population the period since the 1970s has been pretty
            gloomy. Real incomes have stagnated or declined. Never-
            theless, there was no economic collapse in the 1980s. But
            it was a period of tremendous activism. For example, the
            Latin American solidarity movements—something new
            after hundreds of years of Western imperialism—
            developed in the 1980s. The feminist movement didn’t
            develop as a result of economic collapse. The global justice
            movements of the 1990s, which are extremely important,
            developed during a brief period of economic boom. I just
            don’t think the correlations work.


                                         - 156 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 157




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             In the 1980s, you and Edward Herman wrote Manufacturing
             Consent.29 Of course, then the Soviet Union was the archen-
             emy of the United States. If you were revising the book today,
             might you insert Al Qaeda in there as the organizing principle
             for U.S. hegemony?

             Actually, we did revise the book. We published a second
             edition in 2002. We didn’t change the text, but we wrote a
             new introduction that does contain a note of self-criticism
             on several issues.30 For example, we used the term anti-
             communism to describe one of ﬁve ﬁlters we had listed as
             factors in shaping perspective.31 And that was just too
             narrow. Is it Al Qaeda now? It’s the threat of vague “Is-
             lamic terrorism,” which, incidentally, we’re inciting.
             We’re inciting jihadi terrorism, and then calling it a pre-
             text for carrying out aggressive wars.
                  There are very interesting studies of jihadi terrorism.
             The most important scholarly studies I know of are by
             Fawaz Gerges, who is originally Lebanese and teaches at
             Sarah Lawrence College. He’s done extensive studies of
             the jihadi movements—the most reliable and extensive
             that are available, as far as I know—conducting inter-
             views, studying their literature, and so on.32 He made
             some interesting discoveries. For example, he discovered
             that after 9/11 the jihadi leadership, the clerics and oth-
             ers, bitterly condemned Osama bin Laden and wanted to
             disassociate themselves from him. The attacks were to-
             tally the wrong thing to do and un-Islamic. Everything


                                         - 157 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 158




                                   Noam Chomsky



            was wrong with them in principle and tactics. But the
            Bush administration managed to reforge unity among
            various jihadists through its own aggressiveness, mili-
            tancy, and violence. That brought them back together. An
            alternative option, which, of course, Gerges recommends,
            is that the United States should have used that opportu-
            nity to isolate the extreme Islamic militants, the Osama
            bin Laden types, even from the jihadis. That would have
            made a much more peaceful world.

            So you make a distinction between bin Laden, Al Qaeda, and
            jihadis in general.

            For one thing, it is now recognized that what’s consid-
            ered the Islamic Al Qaeda is what some call a “network of
            networks,” a loosely associated network of groups more
            or less acting on their own, maybe inspired by bin Laden
            as a kind of mythic leader, and having similar goals.33 On
            the other hand, that network of networks has been solidi-
            ﬁed by Bush administration actions. That’s why, for ex-
            ample, Michael Scheuer, who for many years was the top
            CIA ofﬁcial tracking Osama bin Laden, describes Bush as
            bin Laden’s “only indispensable ally.”34 That’s not an un-
            usual description. And it’s supported by the facts.

            What do you think of Samuel Huntington’s “clash of civiliza-
            tions” idea? He wrote, “Islam’s borders are bloody, and so are
            its innards.”35


                                         - 158 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 159




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             As history, it’s ridiculous. Christianity has been far more
             violent for centuries—in fact, one of the most savage civi-
             lizations in history. As a description of what was happening
             at the time Huntington wrote, it was just overwhelmingly
             refuted by the facts, overwhelmingly. At the time he
             wrote, the most valued and oldest U.S. ally in the Middle
             East was Saudi Arabia—as it still is today—because it had
             all the oil. It’s the most extreme fundamentalist state in the
             world. The United States has been supporting extreme Is-
             lamic fundamentalism as a weapon against secular na-
             tionalism for years. So the most extreme fundamentalist
             tyranny in the world is our major ally.
                  The most populous Islamic country is Indonesia. Up
             until 1965, the United States was pretty hostile to Indone-
             sia because it was moving on a path of independence. But
             when the Suharto coup took place, with U.S. backing, and
             slaughtered hundreds of thousands, peasants mostly, de-
             stroyed the only mass political organization, and opened
             the place to Western exploitation, it became a great friend.
             And Suharto remained “our kind of guy,” as the Clinton
             administration described him, right to the end of his
             bloody rule, one of the most vicious in the world.36 The
             U.S. ambassador under Reagan, Paul Wolfowitz, the great
             exponent of democracy, was bitterly condemned by
             human rights activists and democracy activists in Indone-
             sia for undermining them at every point. So, the biggest Is-
             lamic country in the world was our wonderful ally as long
             as it was playing its role in the U.S. world system.


                                         - 159 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM     Page 160




                                   Noam Chomsky



                 Or take the Catholic Church. As we discussed earlier,
            the U.S. wars in Central America in the 1980s were to a
            large extent wars against the Catholic Church. So where
            is the clash of civilizations?
                 There is some truth, though, to what Huntington pre-
            dicted. There are people who are desperately trying to
            create a clash of civilizations. Two of the leading ones are
            Osama bin Laden and George Bush. So it could happen.

            There is a quote from Orwell in 1984. He says, “It was not de-
            sirable that the proles should have strong political feelings. All
            that was required of them was a primitive patriotism which
            could be appealed to whenever it was necessary to make them
            accept longer working hours or shorter rations. And even when
            they became discontented, as they sometimes did, their discon-
            tent led nowhere, because without general ideas, they could
            only focus it on petty specific grievances. The larger evils in-
            variably escaped their notice.”37

            Orwell was talking about a brutal, vicious, totalitarian
            state. We don’t live in that kind of society. Efforts will be
            made to create such systems, but to resist them and over-
            come them is vastly easier than in the kind of society he
            was describing. This is a very free society, after all. The
            state has very little power to coerce.




                                          - 160 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM      Page 161




                                   e   i    g        h   t




                    What We Can Do


                      Lexington, Massachusetts (March 12, 2007)


             The title of this book is What We Say Goes. Can you tell me
             when that was said, and provide some examples?

             The statement was made by George Bush I in February
             1991.1 It was toward the end of the ﬁrst Gulf War, when
             he said proudly that there is a “new world order” that
             we’re establishing and the main principle of this new
             world order is “what we say goes.”2
                  Some examples? Take one that didn’t work out quite as
             expected, the second invasion of Iraq, this invasion. Bush
             II, Colin Powell, and others made it very clear to the United
             Nations that either they could go along with the U.S. plans
             to invade Iraq or they would be, as it was put, “irrelevant.”3
             It was put even more brazenly by the UN ambassador John


                                           - 161 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 162




                                   Noam Chomsky




            Bolton: “There is no United Nations.”4 If we choose to
            have the UN’s acquiescence, then it can go along with us.
            Otherwise not. And, of course, the invasion of Iraq was
            undertaken against overwhelming international opposi-
            tion. There were international polls taken. Outside of Is-
            rael and maybe India, there was practically undetectable
            support. I don’t think it went over 10 percent anywhere in
            Europe.5 But what we say goes. If we want to do it, we
            do it.
                 With Bush II, the stance happens to be extreme, but
            it’s not an unusual position. It’s understandable on the
            part of a superpower that has overwhelming military
            force, incomparable security, a huge economic base, and
            no real rivals in the world. The United States had the
            same attitude right through the Cold War as well, though
            not in as extreme a form because there was always the
            threat of Soviet or Chinese deterrence.
                 A very clear example of that, which people keep
            bringing up today, with a mistaken interpretation, is Viet-
            nam. The major part of the U.S. war by far was waged
            against South Vietnam. North Vietnam was kind of a
            sideshow. But the protest and concern about the war, in-
            cluding most of the peace movement, was almost entirely
            about North Vietnam. If you look back at Pentagon plan-
            ning, which we now know in detail from the Pentagon
            Papers and later releases, the bombing of the North was
            planned in meticulous detail: where you bomb, and
            where you don’t, and when. There is practically nothing


                                         - 162 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 163




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             about the bombing of the South, which was at maybe
             triple the scale of the North by 1965. If you look at Robert
             McNamara’s memoirs, he discusses in detail the plans for
             the bombing of the North. He doesn’t even mention some
             of the major decisions of the war—like the decision in
             late January 1965 to use jet bombers to escalate the bomb-
             ing of South Vietnam.6
                  Why? Because in the South what we say goes. There
             was no cost to us and no international opposition, so we
             could do what we wanted. In the North, in contrast, it
             was hazardous. There were foreign embassies in Hanoi
             and Russian ships in Haiphong harbor. They were bomb-
             ing a Chinese railroad that happened to pass through
             North Vietnam, and it was visible on the world stage.
             And also, the North had defenses. They had Soviet anti-
             aircraft, which was described as “interference” in the af-
             fairs of Vietnam. We couldn’t bomb as freely as we liked.
             So there it wasn’t quite true that what we say goes. But in
             the South it was.
                  The same with Cambodia or Laos. They were com-
             pletely defenseless. Nobody cared except peace move-
             ment people, so you could bomb at will. Nobody cares
             now, either. So what we say goes as long as there is no
             threat, no danger. As long as it’s costless to us, what we say
             goes. By the early 1990s, when Bush made the statement, it
             looked as if there wasn’t going to be much cost to any-
             thing. The United States had just invaded Panama, killed
             maybe a couple thousand people, mostly poor people in


                                         - 163 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 164




                                   Noam Chomsky



            the slums, vetoed a couple of UN Security Council reso-
            lutions, and so on.7 But nobody was going to do anything
            about it. So what we say goes.

            Over the years, you’ve commented on the correlation between
            human rights violations and what’s called U.S. aid. Is that pat-
            tern continuing?

            To give credit where credit is due, this is Ed Herman’s
            work, which was incorporated in our joint book The Po-
            litical Economy of Human Rights and is spelled out in de-
            tail elsewhere in his own writings.8 He’s an economist,
            as you know, and he did a careful study of relations be-
            tween U.S. aid and torture and found a quite dramatic
            correlation.
                 This correlation has also been noticed by others. One
            of the leading, maybe the leading academic specialist on
            human rights in Latin America, Lars Schoultz at North
            Carolina, published an article back in 1981 pointing out
            that U.S. “aid has tended to ﬂow disproportionately to
            Latin American governments which torture their citi-
            zens” and “to the hemisphere’s relatively egregious vio-
            lators of fundamental human rights.”9 That included
            military aid, and went on right through the Carter ad-
            ministration. I don’t think anybody has bothered to
            check it for the Reagan years because it was so transpar-
            ently obvious. And it continues right up until today. Right
            through the Clinton years, Colombia was by far the leading


                                         - 164 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 165




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             recipient of U.S. aid, and also had by far the worst human
             rights record in Latin America.10 That alone makes the
             point.
                 In fact, if you look at the leading recipients of U.S. aid,
             most of it military aid, two countries are in a separate cat-
             egory: Israel and Egypt, which gets half the aid given to
             Israel. This arrangement is part of the Camp David agree-
             ments from back in 1979, unofﬁcially. Aid to Egypt is ba-
             sically aid to Israel, to encourage Egypt to sort of play
             along. But aid to Israel and Egypt is in a separate cate-
             gory, way above anybody else. If you look at the rest, the
             leading recipients of U.S. aid have typically been among
             the worst human rights offenders.

             Pakistan, for example, or Turkey.

             In the late 1980s it was El Salvador. Then it switched to
             Turkey during the years of the Clinton-backed massive
             atrocities in Turkey against the Kurds in the 1990s. And
             then by, I think, about 1999, Turkey was replaced by
             Colombia. The reason, which was transparent, was that
             Turkey had succeeded in crushing any resistance to its
             atrocities, so it didn’t need the military aid that much.
             And Colombia was still engaged in vicious and violent
             counterinsurgency campaigns.
                 It’s usually called a “drug war” in the U.S. press. It
             has very little to do with reducing drug use in the United
             States and is known to have no effect on it. It’s basically


                                         - 165 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 166




                                   Noam Chomsky



            chemical warfare carried out against campesinos, Afro-
            Colombians, indigenous people, destroying their crops,
            driving them off the land and into the urban slums, lead-
            ing to a lot of deaths. Colombia has one of the largest
            displaced-persons populations in the world.11 The govern-
            ment effectively clears land for mining, hydroelectric
            plants, export-oriented agribusiness, ranching, mineral
            extraction. It’s also destroying the biodiversity of one of
            the richest areas of the world.

            You were there.

            I took hours of testimonies from poor peasants whose
            lives had been destroyed, whose lands had been de-
            stroyed, whose children were dying, and who were be-
            ing driven away. It’s chemical warfare. It also happens
            to destroy coca, but the government’s own studies show
            that if there were really any interest in cutting back drug
            use in the United States, by far the most cost-effective
            means is prevention and treatment.12 Police measures
            are far more expensive and less effective. Still more in-
            effective and costly is border interdiction. And by far the
            least effective and most costly is out-of-country opera-
            tions, like eradicating crops, which means chemical
            warfare.
                But they do it, because reducing the use of drugs is
            not the goal. Some of the ﬁgures are striking. The British
            journalists Sue Branford and Hugh O’Shaughnessy point


                                         - 166 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 167




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             out in a recent book on Colombia that the aid the Europe-
             an Union gives for alternative crops for farmers who are
             producing coca or poppies is lower than their subsidies
             to the tobacco industries.13 Tobacco is a far greater killer
             than hard drugs. But for Europe, subsidizing your own
             tobacco industry, a huge killer, takes more money than
             ﬁnding alternative crops for poor peasants who are rely-
             ing on opium or poppy cultivation to survive.

             You’ve said it was significant when Wall Street turned against
             the Vietnam War. That was around 1968.

             Yes, 1968. It was after the Tet Offensive, which convinced
             the business world that the war was just not worth it.
             They understood pretty well that the United States had
             basically won the war, and continuing it was just too
             costly.

             Why hasn’t the business community turned on the war in
             Iraq?

             There is no comparison between the two cases. That’s all
             doctrinal fanaticism. The only comparison between Viet-
             nam and Iraq is the way it’s described in the United
             States. In both cases the framework is that it’s costing us a
             lot, it’s a “quagmire.”
                  The business community is only going to turn against
             this war if it really becomes extremely costly to the United


                                         - 167 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 168




                                   Noam Chomsky



            States and to their own interests. But that will take a lot.
            It’s not at all comparable to Vietnam, which was much less
            important strategically from their point of view.

            There have been many reports about potential U.S. military ac-
            tion against Iran.

            The nature of the discussion about attacking Iran is what
            might it cost us. It’s kind of intriguing that few see what
            they’re saying. Just as Bush announced the “surge” in Iraq,
            in sharp opposition to public opinion in the United
            States—and in Iraq, but who cares about that—they started
            leaking information about alleged Iranian supplies to the
            insurgents, who were killing U.S. soldiers.14
                Then a debate rages, a technical debate. Do the serial
            numbers on the improvised explosive devices really
            trace back to Iran? Does the leadership of Iran know or
            only the Revolutionary Guards? And we have kind of
            sophisticated discussions about that. It’s a textbook il-
            lustration of how sophisticated propaganda works. So-
            phisticated propaganda does not hammer home the
            party line. That’s what they do in totalitarian states,
            where nobody even believes the propaganda because the
            source is too ﬂagrantly obvious. The proper way for a
            propaganda system to work is to insinuate the party line
            as a presupposition—so you don’t even discuss it, you just
            accept it—and then to allow, in fact encourage, vigorous




                                         - 168 -
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07       8:42 AM   Page 169




                                  W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             debate on the basis of that presupposition. That’s just
             what’s happening.
                 The presupposition is that the United States owns the
             world. If that’s not the case, if you reject that, then you
             can’t debate whether Iran is interfering in Iraq. It’s kind
             of like debating whether the Allies were interfering in
             Vichy France in 1943, when it was under German rule.
             Only if you accept the assumption that the United States
             rules the world by right can you then ask whether some-
             one else is interfering in a country that we invaded and
             occupied. That’s the way the debate goes on. That’s the
             core of the party line. One corollary is that the only thing
             that matters is the costs to us.

             Do you trace the roots of this idea to the “Grand Area” strat-
             egy, the planning documents that were formulated in the early
             1940s by the Council on Foreign Relations?15

             And the State Department.

             Is that still operative?

             The documents are interesting because they articulate with
             some clarity the general thinking in elite circles. During the
             Second World War, there were high-level meetings of State
             Department ofﬁcials and the Council on Foreign Relations,
             which is the major extragovernmental source of foreign




                                             - 169 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 170




                                   Noam Chomsky



            policy discussion and advice, and they laid out a picture of
            the postwar world, which was then pursued with some
            degree of faithfulness in the years that followed, not
            surprisingly.
                The same principles are now operative. It was as-
            sumed during the Second World War—to be precise, in
            the early years, 1939 to 1943—that the war would end
            with two major powers: Germany and the United States.
            Germany would be dominant in parts of Eurasia, and the
            United States would take over the Middle East, the West-
            ern hemisphere, and the former British Empire. That was
            supposed to be the Grand Area.
                As the war went on, by 1943 to 1944, it was obvious
            Germany was going to be defeated, and the Grand Area
            was then expanded to as much of the world as the United
            States could dominate. The goal was to create a liberal
            international order in which U.S.-based corporations
            would be free to operate. Remember, the United States
            was so much in advance of anyone else after wartime de-
            struction. In fact, the United States gained from the war:
            industrial production tripled or quadrupled while most
            U.S. rivals were devastated or at least weakened. The
            United States emerged with about half the world’s wealth,
            so a liberal international order was tolerable. You could
            have relatively free competition with assurance that the
            playing ﬁeld was tilted in the right direction, to use the
            common metaphor. It would be an international system in
            which U.S. corporations would be free to access resources,


                                         - 170 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 171




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             access markets, invest without constraints. That’s the ba-
             sic conception of the international order.

             You’ve said that the Grand Area strategy essentially extended
             the Monroe Doctrine, which was limited to this hemisphere, to
             the rest of the world.

             The Monroe Doctrine, remember, was a hope for the fu-
             ture. The United States did not have the power in the
             1820s to implement the Monroe Doctrine. They couldn’t
             even conquer Cuba, which was one of the main goals in
             the 1820s of John Quincy Adams and others. Also, they
             couldn’t conquer Canada. The United States repeatedly
             invaded Canada and was beaten back. At the time, John
             Quincy Adams pointed out that we couldn’t conquer
             Cuba because of the British naval deterrent, but sooner or
             later Cuba would fall into our hands by the laws of “po-
             litical gravitation,” much as an apple falls from the tree.16
             Meaning, over time we would become more powerful,
             and Britain relatively weaker, so we would eventually be
             able to conquer Cuba—which in fact happened. In 1898,
             the United States invaded Cuba under the guise of liber-
             ating it but in fact to prevent its liberation from Spain and
             to turn it into a virtual colony until 1959.

             In all the discussions about the U.S. military prison in Guan-
             tánamo Bay, there is no mention of how Guantánamo came un-
             der U.S. control.


                                         - 171 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 172




                                   Noam Chomsky



            Guantánamo was essentially taken at the point of a gun
            by the United States under what was called a treaty, but
            Cuba at the time was occupied by the United States. It
            was sign the treaty or else. So Cuba granted the United
            States rights for a coaling station at the base in Guantá-
            namo. Coaling stations were important in those days.
            But that was it, essentially. Years later, Cuba tried to get
            out of the treaty, but the United States wouldn’t allow it.
            So Fidel Castro has been refusing to accept the small
            payment for Guantánamo the United States makes every
            year.17
                 The United States is completely violating the illegiti-
            mate treaty that it imposed. It’s not using it as a coaling
            station. The United States also violated the treaty before
            when it started using Guantánamo for Haitian refugees.
            Washington wouldn’t live up to the requirement under
            the Universal Declaration of Human Rights that “every-
            one has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries
            asylum from persecution.”18 So it shipped the refugees
            off to what amounted to a prison in Guantánamo.19 And
            now the United States is using Guantánamo for prisoners
            Washington wants to be able to hold outside any domes-
            tic or international law. The Supreme Court has argued
            that it can’t rule on the rights of Guantánamo detainees
            because Guantánamo is not under U.S. jurisdiction, and
            the Bush administration and Congress effectively say
            Guantánamo is not under international law.20 So it’s a
            convenient torture chamber.


                                         - 172 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 173




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



                 There’s no need to debate, really, what goes on in
             Guantánamo. First of all, it’s totally illegal even to send
             people there. If they weren’t intending to use Guantá-
             namo as a torture chamber, why not bring people to a
             prison in New York? As soon as you see that they’re send-
             ing them to Guantánamo, you know it’s for activities in
             violation of international human rights law. You don’t
             have to investigate any further.
                 There are by now other reasons for the United States
             to maintain Guantánamo, which would be Cuba’s major
             port. Holding on to Guantánamo prevents Cuba from
             using it as a port and prevents development of the east-
             ern end of the island. So it’s part of the strangulation of
             Cuba, the punishment of Cubans for what the Demo-
             cratic administrations of the early 1960s called its “success-
             ful deﬁance” of U.S. policies going back to the Monroe
             Doctrine.21

             Very much like defiance against the Mafia don: it can’t be tol-
             erated.

             It can’t be tolerated. In fact, international affairs has more
             than a slight resemblance to the Maﬁa.

             You often make that analogy in your talks.

             I think it’s real. By and large, the state acts as something
             like the executive agency of those who largely own the


                                         - 173 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 174




                                   Noam Chomsky



            domestic society in the United States, the corporate sec-
            tor. It’s a pretty standard feature of state policy. But
            there are some striking cases where state policy runs
            counter even to corporate goals. You see some interest-
            ing examples of conﬂict between state and corporate in-
            terests. It’s kind of an interesting topic for the study of
            international affairs. Cuba is one example. U.S. agribusi-
            ness, even U.S. energy corporations, would be quite ea-
            ger to overcome the strangling embargo on Cuba, which
            they see as a market and as an investment opportunity.
            Agribusiness would love to have Cuba as a market. The
            U.S. pharmaceutical industry is interested in Cuba’s
            quite advanced biotechnology industry. But, most strik-
            ingly, energy corporations are interested in exploiting
            Cuban offshore oil in the Gulf of Mexico, which is ap-
            parently estimated to be substantial. But the state will
            not permit it.22 Of course, the majority of the U.S. popu-
            lation, which doesn’t count, is in favor of establishing
            diplomatic relations with Cuba.23 But that’s irrelevant.
            What’s interesting is business interests are blocked, in
            pretty striking ways.
                 You may recall that about a year ago there was a
            meeting in Mexico City between the Cuban energy spe-
            cialists and representatives of Texas oil companies and
            also some of the majors, like ExxonMobil. The Bush ad-
            ministration comes straight out of that sector. But the
            Bush administration discovered that the meeting was be-
            ing held in a Sheraton hotel, which is owned by a U.S.


                                         - 174 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 175




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             corporation, so they ordered the hotel to break up the
             meeting and expel the Texas oil representatives and the
             Cubans.24 It was a slap in the face to George Bush’s
             friends and supporters. But state interests, the Maﬁa-style
             interests, overwhelmed even the interests of the core con-
             stituency of the Bush administration.
                  The same is happening in Iran. U.S. oil companies
             would be delighted to help enter into the development of
             huge Iranian natural gas and oil ﬁelds, but they’re blocked
             by the state.25 We have to punish Iran for its successful de-
             ﬁance in overthrowing a U.S.-imposed tyrant.
                  This morning, the Boston Globe reported something
             that has been known around here for a long time. In 1974,
             presumably at U.S. government initiative, MIT made a
             deal with the shah of Iran to effectively lease the nuclear
             engineering department, or a large part of it, to Iran, to
             bring in lots of Iranian nuclear engineers and train them
             in the development of uranium enrichment and other
             techniques of nuclear development. In return, the shah,
             who was one of the most brutal tyrants of the period,
             with a horrible human rights record, would pay MIT at
             least half a million dollars. The article also points out that
             several of the engineers who were trained at MIT are now
             apparently running the Iranian nuclear programs.26
             Those programs were strongly supported by the United
             States in the mid-1970s.

             By Henry Kissinger and Gerald Ford.


                                         - 175 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 176




                                   Noam Chomsky



            Yes, and by Rumsfeld, Cheney, Wolfowitz, and others.
            They claimed at the time that Iran needed nuclear power.
            It didn’t have enough energy, and needed to preserve its
            hydrocarbon resources for other purposes. Now the same
            people are giving the opposite story. They say how can
            Iran possibly be developing nuclear power? They have so
            much oil. They must be developing weapons.27 These are
            the same people.
                 In the 1970s, there was quite a conﬂict at MIT about
            this program. I was there. When the news leaked out, the
            students were pretty upset, and there was a lot of protest.
            It led to a student referendum, which opposed the deal,
            by maybe 80 percent or something. By then, it had caused
            enough of an uproar that there had to be a faculty meet-
            ing. Everybody showed up and there was lively debate.
            Only a very small number of people—I was one of
            them—opposed the arrangement. The faculty over-
            whelmingly voted for it. It was implemented and contin-
            ued until the fall of the shah.

            Inside of Iran there are actually shortages of gasoline and
            consumer-grade petrochemical products.

            That’s correct, partly because of Iran’s domestic policies,
            but partly it’s just that Iran took a tremendous battering.
            The 1980s war with Iraq, backed by the United States and
            Britain and other European powers, including Russia,




                                         - 176 -
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07   8:42 AM     Page 177




                                 W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             killed hundreds of thousands of Iranians and shattered a
             lot of the country. It’s quite something to overcome.

             And much of the battlefield was in the oil-rich areas of Khuzestan.

             Precisely.

             They’re talking now in Iran of introducing rationing.

             Yes. In fact, they are importing oil.28

             Hrant Dink, a Turkish-Armenian journalist and editor, was
             assassinated in Istanbul on January 19. He had been charged
             with something called “insulting Turkish identity” because he
             talked about the genocide of the Armenians more than nine de-
             cades ago.29 Orhan Pamuk, the Nobel Prize winner, has fled
             Turkey under death threats, and another novelist, Elif Shafak,
             rarely leaves her home because of threats against her.30 Why is
             it so difficult for Turkey to acknowledge what happened in the
             1915 period? The documentation is staggering.

             Not only that. A publisher who translated some books of
             mine was just on trial this year—he had been a couple
             years earlier—because there was a brief discussion of the
             huge atrocities against the Kurds in the 1990s.31 That’s
             also punishable. The case was dropped, but others still
             continue.




                                           - 177 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 178




                                   Noam Chomsky



                 Countries do not concede their atrocities. There is, ob-
            viously, plenty of condemnation for the German atrocities.
            We’re happy to talk about them. But how many memorials
            do you know of in the United States for the Native Ameri-
            can population or for slaves? That’s not ancient history, it’s
            very much alive. Why is the incarceration rate for blacks
            far higher than for whites? Where are the remnants of in-
            digenous Americans? Until the 1960s, the history was
            barely even acknowledged. In fact, there were immense
            lies about it, even in scholarship. Now, thanks to the 1960s
            activism, it’s at least acknowledged, but barely.

            Israel, which is an ally of Turkey, is also reluctant to use the
            term genocide about the Armenians. In fact, several years ago,
            Shimon Peres said that there was no genocide.32

            That’s true. Back, I think, around the early 1980s, there
            was a genocide conference in Israel run by a scholar who
            specializes on the topic, Israel Charny. Elie Wiesel was
            supposed to chair it. The government of Menachem Begin
            effectively ordered them to eliminate the Armenian geno-
            cide from the conference since Turkey is their very close
            ally. Wiesel withdrew as chair. Charny went ahead and
            included the topic, but over the government’s strong
            objections.33

            What is the military and economic relationship between Israel
            and Turkey?


                                         - 178 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM     Page 179




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             We don’t know the details because it’s kept secret, but it
             started formally in 1958 with a military alliance. Accord-
             ing to Israeli specialists on this, it’s a very close military
             and economic relationship.34 They describe it as Israel’s
             second most important international alliance after the
             United States. Much of it is kept under wraps, but it’s
             pretty clear that the Israeli air force is using the U.S. bases
             in eastern Turkey at least for reconnaissance.35 Maybe
             they have nuclear-armed bombers there. You can only
             speculate.

             What does Turkey get out of it?

             Turkey is a part of the whole U.S.-organized Middle East
             system. Turkey is a major military and economic ally. It’s
             a powerful state right on the borders of the oil-rich Mid-
             dle East. Israel is another component of the alliance. Is-
             rael alone, as an offshoot of the United States, has air and
             armored forces that are larger and technologically more
             advanced than those of any NATO power outside of the
             United States, including Turkey. So Israel and Turkey
             have high-tech military relations, as well as a common in-
             terest as part of the peripheral system by which the
             United States tries to control the Middle East. They have
             common interests in other areas, too. Turkey happens to
             be water-rich and Israel is water-poor, for example. Israel
             can provide technological assistance to Turkey. It’s a nat-
             ural relationship.


                                         - 179 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 180




                                   Noam Chomsky



            The United States has just established a new military com-
            mand for Africa.36 The United States has a military base in
            Djibouti. There is a new war front in the continent’s northeast
            quadrant. What are U.S. goals there?

            The French military had a base in Djibouti, which the
            United States has taken over.37 Somalia, its neighbor, is
            right across from the Arabian peninsula, where the world’s
            main energy resources are. Ethiopia, which also borders
            Djibouti, is a strong U.S. ally right now. Ethiopia—which
            like Israel has never declared its ﬁnal borders and has in-
            tentions, apparently, of extending its borders over Somalia
            and Eritrea—invaded Somalia to eliminate what appeared
            to be a fairly stable Islamist government, with U.S. back-
            ing and in strict violation of a Security Council resolu-
            tion.38 In December 2006, the United States initiated and
            pushed through Security Council Resolution 1725, which
            recognized the government in Somalia that was holding
            on to a tiny corner of the country.39 The resolution also ex-
            plicitly demanded that neighboring states not interfere
            in Somalia’s internal affairs.40 Instantly the Ethiopian in-
            vasion followed, in violation of the U.S.-initiated resolution
            strongly supported here, and instituted an Ethiopian-run
            government with U.S. support.41
                The Bush administration hopes Somalia will be an-
            other U.S. ally, along with Ethiopia. This alliance—
            Ethiopia, Djibouti, Somalia—gives the United States a
            powerful base right in the Horn of Africa, which is right


                                         - 180 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 181




                                 W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             next door to the major energy-producing regions. In ad-
             dition to that, there is West Africa, which is quite a sub-
             stantial source of energy, oil in particular. And Africa has
             plenty of resources to exploit, in the Congo, for example.
             So the renewed interest in Africa is not too surprising. I
             think the main goal is a ﬁrmer grip on Middle East en-
             ergy resources.

             Colin Powell was fairly quick to describe the killings in Darfur,
             a region of Sudan, as “genocide.”42

             Colin Powell is one of the people who dragged his feet
             slightly in calling it genocide. But Darfur is a big issue in
             the United States and the West now, and a very conve-
             nient one. It’s convenient because there are major atroci-
             ties undoubtedly being carried out by an ofﬁcial enemy.
             You can attribute the atrocities to Arabs, so it’s perfect.
             Just the kind of atrocities we love. Of course, there are no
             serious proposals to do anything about them. The pro-
             posals are all in the form of “Why don’t you do some-
             thing about it?”
                  It’s also a complicated issue, not simply an issue of evil
             Arabs, a terrible tyrant carrying out genocide, the sort of
             standard story here, which has some element of truth to it
             but is by no means the whole story. There is a longtime con-
             ﬂict between nomadic groups and settled peasants that is
             becoming much worse, probably as one of the consequences
             of global warming, because the territories for grazing and


                                          - 181 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 182




                                   Noam Chomsky



            agriculture have been adversely affected. In the Sudan, the
            United States did play a constructive role in bringing about
            at least a tentative peaceful settlement in the civil war be-
            tween south and north. But major atrocities are carried out
            on all sides, and among the peasant-based tribes.
                 There is a very good article about Darfur in the Lon-
            don Review of Books by Mahmood Mamdani, who has the
            disadvantage of actually knowing something about
            Darfur—so, unfortunately, he tells a complicated story.43
            He’s particularly critical of the kind of line that’s taken by
            people like the New York Times columnist Nicholas
            Kristof, who vastly oversimplify what’s going on in Dar-
            fur and strike moral postures about it. There are atroci-
            ties, serious ones, and surely something should be done
            about them. Regrettably, they’re by no means the worst in
            the region, not even close. The worst in the region are in
            eastern Congo, where millions of people have been killed
            in the last few years, as Mamdani points out. Nobody is
            talking about that because it doesn’t conveniently ﬁt into
            an appropriate ideological framework. Besides, you
            might be able to do something about it.

            I was interested that you said that Israel and Ethiopia have no
            recognized, defined borders. You talked about Ethiopia, but
            what about Israel?

            Israel has never established its borders. In fact, it’s very
            systematically expanding its borders, with U.S. support.


                                         - 182 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 183




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             Everything that Israel does, virtually, is with the au-
             thorization of the United States and with its diplomatic,
             economic, military, and ideological support. It’s been ex-
             panding illegally into the occupied territories. The wall
             Israel is building cuts through the West Bank, surrounds
             Jewish settlements, takes much of the arable land and the
             most valuable resource, water, and renders a lot of Pales-
             tinian territories virtually unviable. The fragments that
             are left to Palestinians are broken up with hundreds of
             checkpoints and other barriers to prevent easy trans-
             portation and so on.44

             The phrase “right to exist” is used constantly. When did that
             become part of the conversation?

             I’ve never seen a detailed study of it, but my strong impres-
             sion is that the concept of Israel’s right to exist was either
             invented or at least reached prominence in the mid-1970s,
             probably as a reaction to the fact that the major Arab states,
             with the backing of the PLO, had accepted Israel’s right to
             exist within recognized and secure borders.45

             That means the 1949 UN boundaries?

             Yes, the recognized international border. The Arabs recog-
             nized the right of every state in the region to exist, in-
             cluding Israel, within secure and recognized borders.
             That included, by 1976, a Palestinian state in the occupied


                                         - 183 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 184




                                   Noam Chomsky



            territories. Actually, this came to the United Nations in
            January 1976 in a resolution advanced by the major Arab
            states, the so-called confrontation states of Syria, Jordan,
            and Egypt, with the backing of the PLO and others. The
            United States vetoed the resolution, so it’s out of history.46
            But the United States realized at the time, I presume, that
            they were going to have to set the barriers higher if they
            wanted to prevent a diplomatic settlement. It wouldn’t do
            just to keep to the right to exist within secure and recog-
            nized borders. You have to prevent diplomacy. That’s
            when the concept “right to exist” began to appear promi-
            nently. To demand that the Palestinians, or Arabs, or for
            that matter anyone, accept Israel’s right to exist is to grant
            Israel something that no state in the international system
            has. No state is granted a right to exist. They’re recog-
            nized, but not granted a right to exist.
                In the case of Israel, that would require the Palestini-
            ans to recognize the legitimacy of their expulsion—not
            just the fact but its legitimacy. It’s as if Mexico were re-
            quired to accept the right of the United States to exist on
            half of Mexico, gained by conquest. Mexicans don’t accept
            that, nor should they. Almost every border in the world is
            the result of conquest. The borders are recognized, but no-
            body goes on to demand that the legitimacy be recog-
            nized, especially by a population that was driven out.

            More than five decades ago, you and your wife considered liv-
            ing in Israel, but it didn’t pan out. Why not?


                                         - 184 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 185




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             For complicated personal reasons. We came pretty close.
             We were both eager to do it. We wanted to live in a kib-
             butz. But life takes complicated turns. There was no ideo-
             logical reason that blocked it. I probably wouldn’t have
             lasted very long.

             But I recall your telling me that you had encountered in Israel
             quite racist attitudes toward Arabs, which disturbed you.

             That was unmistakable, absolutely unmistakable. Not
             only toward Arabs but toward Moroccan Jews—the
             Sephardim—which was in a way even more extreme than
             the racism toward Arabs.

             One assumption people make about you is that there is some
             urgent connection between your work in linguistics and your
             political activism.

             It’s a very strange assumption. As far as my political work
             is concerned, I might as well be an algebraic topologist.
             There are some remote, abstract connections having to do
             with foundations of human nature, mostly speculative at
             this point. I’ve written about these questions, some of
             which go back to discussions during the Enlightenment.
             But it has no practical consequences for human affairs.

             In your book Perilous Power, which you wrote with Gilbert
             Achcar, you say, “Educating the American public is the main


                                         - 185 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 186




                                   Noam Chomsky




            thing to be done.”47 You write books, give lectures, and do in-
            terviews like this. That’s your effort in terms of education.
            What about a broader initiative in terms of educating the U.S.
            public? Do you have any suggestions?

            Just the obvious one. Individuals can’t do it. It doesn’t
            make any sense. People have to do it locally. That’s ex-
            actly the importance of labor unions. They did defend
            workers’ rights, but beyond that they were very inﬂuen-
            tial in workers’ education. I remember this from child-
            hood, when my family—seamstresses, shop boys,
            unemployed working-class Jewish immigrants—were
            members of labor unions. That’s where there were work-
            ers’ education centers, cultural centers, cultural events,
            newspapers. In the early part of the twentieth century,
            there were all sorts of labor newspapers that reached
            hundreds of thousands of people.48 That was a source of
            popular education. Unions have been under bitter busi-
            ness and government attack, partly for that reason. But
            it’s possible to reconstruct popular education in all kinds
            of ways, in fact to inﬂuence even the schools. But it’s go-
            ing to have to be done by lots of people, just as in every
            other case.
                 Where did the civil rights movement come from? It
            didn’t happen because Martin Luther King said, “Let’s
            have a civil rights movement.” He was riding the wave of
            popular activism. And the same with Lyndon Johnson’s



                                         - 186 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM     Page 187




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             progressive measures, which were not insigniﬁcant. He
             played a role in them, but a wave of popular activism de-
             manded them. It’s the same with anything else. Did Betty
             Friedan say, “Let’s have women’s rights,” and all of a sud-
             den we had women’s rights? No. It’s a long struggle.
             That’s what education is.

             In Failed States, you point out that often critics of the system
             are denounced for being negative and never having anything
             positive to put forth. You address that criticism with some spe-
             cific suggestions about solutions.49

             Very unoriginal suggestions that just happen to be sup-
             ported by a large majority of people in the United States.
             I think they’re good suggestions. They would change the
             country signiﬁcantly. There is nothing radical about
             them, but they’re off the agenda. That’s part of the serious
             collapse of democratic institutions.

             Let me just read some of your suggestions in Failed States:
             accept the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court
             and the World Court, sign and carry forward the Kyoto Pro-
             tocols, let the United Nations take the lead in international
             crises, rely on diplomatic and economic measures rather than
             military ones in confronting terror, keep to the traditional
             interpretation of the UN Charter, give up the Security Coun-
             cil veto.




                                          - 187 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 188




                                   Noam Chomsky



            Let me add, that means no use of force except in self-
            defense.

            That would be under Article 51.

            Yes. But real self-defense against an ongoing or perhaps
            imminent armed attack.

            And the others: cut back sharply on military spending and
            sharply increase social spending. I remember years ago you told
            me that the United States should be an organizers’ paradise.
            Do you still feel that way?

            I still think it’s an organizers’ paradise, and a lot of good
            things are happening. You see them all over. I gave a talk
            a few days ago in downtown Boston at the annual meet-
            ing of a wonderful group called Vida Urbana. They were
            beginning their thirty-fourth year of organizing and ac-
            tivism in the poorest areas of Boston, mostly Latino and
            black. A terriﬁc group of people. There were a lot of peo-
            ple there who were very enthusiastic. It was a lively meet-
            ing. It was also the opening of a three-day conference of
            radical organizers from around the country who were do-
            ing similar work. So things are happening, and a lot of
            them. The numbers of people involved are very high,
            probably higher than the 1960s, I’m convinced, but they
            are atomized, scattered. The one real success of power
            systems in the United States has been to separate people


                                         - 188 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM    Page 189




                                W H AT W E S AY G O E S



             from one another, so you don’t know what’s happening. I
             knew very little about this group, though it’s been here
             for thirty-four years and has been very effective right in
             my own city.

             Eqbal Ahmad gave a talk at MIT on the role of intellectuals in
             October 1998, just about six months before he died in
             Islamabad. He said, “You have to be willing to take risks.” He
             was talking about intellectuals. The other thing that Ahmad
             said was that “love of people is central.”50

             Eqbal was a very close old friend, but I don’t entirely
             agree with him on that. First of all, we don’t face serious
             risks here in taking dissident positions or even engaging
             in resistance activities. Yes, there are risks, but compared
             with what most people face in the world, they’re unde-
             tectable. You get denounced by whoever it is, you’re
             ridiculed, you’re viliﬁed. Maybe you can’t get invited to
             the right dinner parties. But are those risks? Think what
             most people really face. People are called intellectuals be-
             cause they’re privileged. It’s not because they’re smart or
             they know a lot. There are plenty of people who know
             more and are smarter but aren’t intellectuals because they
             don’t have the privilege. The people called intellectuals
             are privileged. They have resources and opportunities,
             and enough freedom has been won so that the state does
             not have an unrestrained capacity to repress. It has some
             but not much—nowhere near what people claim. There


                                         - 189 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07    8:42 AM    Page 190




                                   Noam Chomsky



            are cases here where intolerable things happen—people
            get thrown out of their jobs—but, by and large, the risks
            that privileged people face here are very small. So I don’t
            even think it’s a question of taking risks. It’s a matter of
            being decent.
                Love of people? Yes, of course, or at least commit-
            ment to them and their needs.




                                         - 190 -
What We Say Goes PAGES     16/8/07     8:42 AM      Page 191




                                       Notes


             1. What We Say Goes

              1. James Traub, “Why Not Build a Bomb?” New York Times Magazine,
                 29 January 2006.
              2. Saint Augustine, The City of God (1467), part 1, book 4, chap. 4. See
                 also Noam Chomsky, Pirates and Emperors, Old and New: Interna-
                 tional Terrorism in the Real World (Cambridge, Mass.: South End
                 Press, 2002), p. vii.
              3. Editorial, “Straight Talk Needed on Pakistan,” New York Times, 28
                 January 2006.
              4. Judgment of the International Military Tribunal for the Trial of German
                 Major War Criminals, Nuremberg, Germany, 30 September and 1
                 October 1946.
              5. Howard Friel and Richard Falk, The Record of the Paper: How the New
                 York Times Misreports U.S. Foreign Policy (New York: Verso, 2004). See
                 also Friel and Falk, Israel–Palestine on the Record: How the New York
                 Times Misreports Conﬂict in the Middle East (New York: Verso, 2007).
              6. Falk and Friel, Record of the Paper, p. 15.
              7. Martin Luther King Jr., “Beyond Vietnam,” in Voices of a People’s
                 History of the United States, ed. Howard Zinn and Anthony Arnove
                 (New York: Seven Stories Press, 2004), p. 423.
              8. Howard Zinn, “The Problem Is Civil Obedience,” in ibid.,
                 pp. 483–84.



                                               - 191 -
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07     8:42 AM      Page 192




                                           notes



             9. See, for example, editorial, “Dr. King’s Error,” New York Times, 7
                April 1967, written three days after King’s “Beyond Vietnam”
                speech.


            2. Lebanon and the Crisis in the Middle East

             1. Greg Myre and Steven Erlanger, “Clashes Spread to Lebanon as
                Hezbollah Raids Israel,” New York Times, 13 July 2006.
             2. Alec Russell, “Bush Lays the Blame on Hizbollah Aggression,”
                Daily Telegraph (London), 14 July 2006.
             3. See, among other reports, Human Rights Watch, “Release All Fif-
                teen Lebanese Hostages,” 18 April 2000, online at http://hrw
                .org/english/docs/2000/04/18/isrlpa486.htm.
             4. Kerem Shalom, “2 Israeli Troops Killed in Attack,” Los Angeles
                Times, 26 June 2006.
             5. United Nations, “Statement on Gaza by United Nations Humani-
                tarian Agencies Working in the Occupied Palestinian Territory,”
                media release, 3 August 2006; United Nations Ofﬁce for the Coor-
                dination of Humanitarian Affairs, Humanitarian Monitor: Occupied
                Palestinian Territory, no. 2 (June 2006).
             6. On June 24, 2006, Osama and Mustafa Abu Muamar were ab-
                ducted by the Israel Defense Forces in Al Shouka, near Rafah. Josh
                Brannon, “IDF Commandos Enter Gaza, Capture Two Hamas Ter-
                rorists,” Jerusalem Post, 25 June 2006; Lesley White, “The Kidnap of
                This Woman’s Husband Sparked the Latest War in the Middle
                East,” Sunday Times Magazine (London), 19 November 2006.
             7. Agence France-Presse, “Israel Carries Out First Gaza Arrest Raid
                Since Withdrawing,” 24 June 2006.
             8. Beirut Center for Research and Information, “Poll Finds Support
                for Hizbullah’s Retaliation,” 29 July 2006, online at http://www
                .beirutcenter.info/default.asp?contentid=692&MenuID=46. See also
                Nicholas Blanford, “Israeli Strikes May Boost Hizbullah Base,”
                Christian Science Monitor, 28 July 2006.
             9. Ilene R. Prusher, “Hamas Win Shatters Status Quo,” Christian Sci-
                ence Monitor, 27 January 2006.
            10. B’Tselem, One Big Prison: Freedom of Movement to and from the
                Gaza Strip on the Eve of the Disengagement Plan, March 2005, on-
                line at http://www.btselem.org/Download/200503_Gaza_Prison_
                English.pdf.



                                             - 192 -
What We Say Goes PAGES     16/8/07     8:42 AM      Page 193




                                             notes



             11. See the reports of Amira Hass for Ha’aretz newspaper in Hebrew,
                 reprinted selectively in the English edition and online. See, for ex-
                 ample, Amira Hass, “Impossible Travel,” Ha’aretz, 1 February 2007;
                 and “The Real Disaster Is the Closure,” Ha’aretz, 21 May 2002.
             12. For details, see Stephen R. Shalom, “Lebanon War Question and
                 Answer,” ZNet, 7 August 2006, online at http://www.zmag.org/
                 content/showarticle.cfm?ItemID=10721. See also Zeev Moaz, “The
                 War of Double Standards,” Ha’aretz, 20 July 2006.
             13. Ayatollah Sayyid Ali Khamenei, speech, 4 June 2006, online at
                 http://www.khamenei.ir/EN/News/detail.jsp?id=20060604A. See
                 also Guy Dinmore, “US Allies Urge Direct Dialogue with Iran,”
                 Financial Times (London), 3 May 2006.
             14. Edward Peck, interviewed by Amy Goodman and Juan Gonzalez,
                 Democracy Now! 28 July 2006, online at http://www.democracynow
                 .org/article.pl?sid=06/07/28/1440244.
             15. For background, see Noam Chomsky, Fateful Triangle: The United
                 States, Israel, and the Palestinians, rev. ed. (Cambridge, Mass.: South
                 End Press, 1999); Robert Fisk, Pity the Nation, 4th ed. (New York:
                 Nation Books, 2002).
             16. Amal Saad-Ghorayeb, “People Say No,” Al-Ahram Weekly, 3–9
                 August 2006, online at http://weekly.ahram.org.eg/2006/806/
                 op33.htm.
             17. Ibid.
             18. Tim Llewellyn, “Into the Valley of Death,” CounterPunch, 8 August
                 2006, online at http://www.counterpunch.org/llewellyn08082006
                 .html.
             19. New York Times staff, “U.S. Vetoes Criticism of Israel,” New York
                 Times, 14 July 2006. Later on John Bolton, then U.S. ambassador to
                 the United Nations, told the BBC he was “damned proud of what
                 we did” to block an earlier cease-ﬁre. BBC, “Bolton Admits
                 Lebanon Truce Block,” 22 March 2007, online at http://news.bbc
                 .co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6479377.stm.
             20. Seymour M. Hersh, “Watching Lebanon: Washington’s Interests in
                 Israel’s War,” New Yorker, 21 August 2006, p. 28.
             21. Tanya Reinhart, Israel/Palestine: How to End the War of 1948, rev. ed.
                 (New York: Seven Stories Press/Open Media, 2004), p. 83.
             22. In 2007, Tanya Reinhart died, aged sixty-three. See Noam Chom-
                 sky, “In Memory of Tanya Reinhart,” 18 March 2007, online at
                 http://www.chomsky.info/articles/20070318.htm.



                                               - 193 -
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07     8:42 AM     Page 194




                                           notes



            23. Uri Avnery, “What a Wonderful Israeli Plan,” Palestine Chronicle, 9
                June 2006, online at http://www.palestinechronicle.com/story-
                06090613735.htm.
            24. Siddharth Varadarajan, “A Defeat for Israel, but Also for Justice,”
                Hindu (India), 14 August 2006, online at http://www.thehindu
                .com/2006/08/14/stories/2006081404201100.htm.
            25. Alan Dershowitz, “Lebanon Is Not a Victim,” Hufﬁngton
                Post, 7 August 2006, online at http://www.hufﬁngtonpost.com/
                alandershowitz/lebanon-is-not-a-victim_b_26715.html.
            26. See, for example, Eugene Robinson, “It’s Disproportionate . . . ,”
                Washington Post, 25 July 2006.
            27. Kennan quoted in Walter LaFeber, Inevitable Revolutions: The United
                States in Central America, rev. ed. (New York: W. W. Norton, 1983),
                pp. 109, 112.
            28. Borzou Daragahi, “Iraqis Find Rare Unity in Condemning Israel,”
                Los Angeles Times, 24 July 2006.
            29. Edward Wong and Michael Slackman, “Iraqi Denounces Israel’s
                Actions,” New York Times, 20 July 2006.
            30. Edward Epstein, “Iraqi Leader Addresses Congress, His Country,”
                San Francisco Chronicle, 27 July 2006.
            31. See, for example, Thomas L. Friedman, “Time for Plan B,” New
                York Times, 4 August 2006.
            32. David E. Sanger, “An Old Presidential Predicament: China Proves
                Tough to Inﬂuence,” New York Times, 21 April 2006; Joseph Kahn,
                “In Hu’s Visit to the U.S., Small Gaffes May Overshadow Small
                Gains,” New York Times, 22 April 2006.
            33. Agence France-Presse, “Hu Ends US Tour Marked by Lack of
                Accords and Embarrassment,” 22 April 2006.
            34. William Kristol, “It’s Our War: Bush Should Go to Jerusalem—and
                the U.S. Should Confront Iran,” Weekly Standard, 24 July 2006.
            35. Edward Luce, “Hostage to History,” Financial Times (London),
                2 June 2006.
            36. Andrew Moravcsik, “Déjà Vu All Over Again,” Newsweek Interna-
                tional, 15 May 2006.
            37. See Michael Hirsh and Maziar Bahari, “Diplo-Dancing with Iran:
                Rice Makes an Offer to Tehran—with Tough Conditions,”
                Newsweek, 12 June 2006, p. 32.
            38. David Usborne, “Iran Must Make First Move, Bush Tells UN Meet-
                ing,” Independent (London), 20 September 2006.



                                            - 194 -
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07     8:42 AM     Page 195




                                            notes



             39. For details, see Noam Chomsky, Failed States: The Abuse of Power and
                 the Assault on Democracy (New York: Owl Books, 2007), pp. 70–75.
             40. David C. Korten, The Great Turning: From Empire to Earth Commu-
                 nity (San Francisco: Berrett-Koehler Publishers, 2006).
             41. Robert McNamara, “Apocalypse Soon,” Foreign Policy, May–June
                 2005.
             42. Andy Webb-Vidal, “Chavez Hastens Drive for Bigger Share of Oil
                 Revenues,” Financial Times (London), 28 April 2006; Reuters,
                 “Venezuela Begins Drive to Certify More Oil Reserves,” Globe and
                 Mail (Toronto), 11 August 2006.
             43. Robert H. Frank, “A Health Care Plan So Simple, Even Stephen
                 Colbert Couldn’t Simplify It,” New York Times, 15 February 2007.
             44. See Noam Chomsky, 9-11 (New York: Seven Stories, 2001).
             45. Charles Forelle, James Bandler, and Mark Maremont, “Executive
                 Pay: The 9/11 Factor,” Wall Street Journal, 15 July 2006; Mark
                 Maremont, Charles Forelle, and James Bandler, “Companies Say
                 Backdating Used in Days After 9/11,” Wall Street Journal, 7 March
                 2007.
             46. “Operations Security Impact on Declassiﬁcation Management
                 Within the Department of Defense,” 13 February 1998, produced
                 by Booz Allen & Hamilton Inc., Linthicum, Maryland, in response
                 to Executive Order 12958, available online at http://www
                 .fas.org/sgp/othergov/dod_opsec.html. The document recom-
                 mends a declassiﬁcation strategy that includes “Diversion: List of
                 interesting declassiﬁed material—i.e. Kennedy assassination data”
                 and also notes that “use of the Internet could reduce the unre-
                 strained public appetite for ‘secrets’ by providing good faith dis-
                 traction material.” See also Executive Order 12958, 17 April 1995,
                 online at http://www.fas.org/sgp/clinton/eo12958.html.


             3. Latin America: Stirrings in the Servants’ Quarters

              1. Noam Chomsky, Hegemony or Survival: America’s Quest for Global
                 Dominance (New York: Owl, 2004), p. 16.
              2. See Noam Chomsky, Year 501: The Conquest Continues (Boston:
                 South End Press, 1993), chap. 1.
              3. Helene Cooper, “Iran Who? Venezuela Takes the Lead in a Battle of
                 Anti-U.S. Sound Bites,” New York Times, 21 September 2006.
              4. Colum Lynch, “Chavez Stirs Things Up at the UN: Venezuelan



                                             - 195 -
What We Say Goes PAGES     16/8/07     8:42 AM      Page 196




                                            notes



                Leader Wins Cheers with Rant Against U.S.,” Washington Post, 17
                September 2005.
             5. For a discussion of the millennium goals, see Chomsky, Failed
                States, p. 4.
             6. Ibid., pp. 79–82, 94–95.
             7. Joel Brinkley, “In Word Feud with ‘Hitler,’ ‘Satan’ Draws Line in
                Sand,” New York Times, 20 May 2006; Pablo Bachelet, “Chavez
                Throws More Barbs at Bush: Democrats Object,” Minneapolis Star
                Tribune, 22 September 2006.
             8. Cooper, “Iran Who?”
             9. Ewen MacAskill, “US Seen as a Bigger Threat to Peace than Iran,
                Worldwide Poll Suggests,” Guardian (London), 15 June 2006.
            10. Andy Webb-Vidal, “Jubilation in the Barrios as Chavez Returns in
                Triumph,” Financial Times (London), 15 April 2002.
            11. Guy Dinmore and Isabel Gorst, “Bush to Seal Strategic Link with
                Kazakh Leader,” Financial Times (London), 29 September 2006.
            12. For more discussion, see Chomsky, Failed States, p. 137. See polling
                by Latinobarómetro, December 2006. Danna Harman, “A Castro Ally
                with Oil Cash Vexes the US,” Christian Science Monitor, 20 May 2005.
            13. Richard Lapper and Hal Weitzman, “Chavez Casts a Long Anti-
                American Shadow Over Regional Capitals,” Financial Times (Lon-
                don), 3 May 2006.
            14. Ibid.
            15. Thomas L. Friedman, “Fill ’Er Up with Dictators,” New York Times,
                27 September 2006.
            16. Adam Thomson, “US Warns Nicaraguans Not to Back Sandinista,”
                Financial Times (London), 15 September 2006.
            17. For details, see The State of Working America, issued biannually by the
                Economic Policy Institute and published by Cornell University Press.
            18. Randeep Ramesh, “A Tale of Two Indias,” Guardian (London).
            19. P. Sainath, “Fewer Jobs, More Buses in Wayanad,” Hindu, 27
                December 2004; Indo-Asian News Service, “New Economic Policy
                Hard on Farmers,” Indo-Asian News Service, 29 October 2004.
            20. Barbara Harriss-White, India Working (Cambridge: Cambridge
                University Press, 2003).
            21. For analysis, see Chomsky, Year 501, chap. 7; Stephen Fidler, “After-
                math of the Bank Crisis,” Financial Times (London), 14 March 1997.
            22. Chris Flood, “Copper Hits High on Codelco Strike,” Financial
                Times (London), 5 January 2006.



                                              - 196 -
What We Say Goes PAGES     16/8/07     8:42 AM      Page 197




                                             notes



             23. Tony Smith, “Argentina Defaults on $3 Billion I.M.F. Debt,” New
                 York Times, 10 September 2003; Benedict Mander, “Latin Allies
                 Forge a Political Bond,” Financial Times (London), 12 July 2006.
             24. Chomsky, Hegemony or Survival, p. 139.
             25. Chomsky, Failed States, chap. 6.
             26. Program on International Policy Attitudes (PIPA), “U.S. Public
                 Would Signiﬁcantly Alter Bush Administration’s Budget,” media
                 release, 7 March 2005.
             27. Paul Waldman, “Elections Aren’t About Issues,” Boston Globe, 6
                 September 2006.
             28. Mara Liasson, “Barack Obama, Still on the Rise,” All Things Consid-
                 ered, National Public Radio, 8 December 2006.
             29. For some recent historical data, see Center for Responsive Politics,
                 “US House Reelection Rates, 1964–2004” (http://www.opensecrets
                 .org/bigpicture/reelect.asp?cycle=2004); “US Senate Reelection
                 Rates, 1964–2004” (http://www.opensecrets.org/bigpicture/reelect
                 .asp?Cycle=2004&chamb=S); and “2006 Election Overview: Incum-
                 bent Advantage—All Candidates” (http://www.opensecrets.org/
                 overview/incumbs.asp?cycle=2006).
             30. See Richard Gott, Hugo Chávez and the Bolivarian Revolution, rev. ed.
                 (New York: Verso, 2005).
             31. William A. Dorman and Mansour Farhang, The U.S. Press and Iran:
                 Foreign Policy and the Journalism of Deference (Berkeley: University of
                 California Press, 1987).
             32. On December 31, 1977, Carter said, “Iran, because of the great
                 leadership of the shah, is an island of stability in one of the more
                 troubled areas of the world” and spoke of “the respect, admiration,
                 and love which your people give to you.” See Mark Tran, “Tehran’s
                 Promise of Help Could Improve Ties with Washington,” Guardian
                 (London), 5 August 1989.
             33. For background, see Dilip Hiro, The Longest War: The Iran–Iraq Mil-
                 itary Conﬂict, rev. ed. (New York: Routledge, 1991).
             34. Gary Milhollin testimony in United States Export Policy Toward Iraq
                 Prior to Iraq’s Invasion of Kuwait, Hearing Before the Committee on
                 Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, U.S. Senate, 102nd Con-
                 gress, 27 October 1992. See also Chomsky, Hegemony or Survival,
                 pp. 111–12; Chomsky, Failed States, pp. 28–29.
             35. Mark Clayton, “A Congressman Brings Home the Fuel—from an
                 Unorthodox Supplier,” Christian Science Monitor, 25 November 2005.



                                               - 197 -
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07     8:42 AM      Page 198




                                           notes



            36. Danna Harman, “Chavez Seeks Inﬂuence with Oil Diplomacy,”
                Christian Science Monitor, 25 August 2005.
            37. See Marc Frank, “Eye Surgeons Bring a Ray of Hope to the
                Caribbean,” Financial Times, 21 October 2005.
            38. Monte Reel, “A Latin American Pipeline Dream: Regional Leaders
                Put Weight Behind Gas Plan,” Washington Post, 12 February 2006.
            39. William Preston Jr., Edward S. Herman, and Herbert I. Schiller,
                Hope and Folly: The United States and Unesco, 1945–1985 (Minnea-
                polis: University of Minnesota Press, 1989).
            40. See Amy Goodman and David Goodman, The Exception to the
                Rulers (New York: Hyperion, 2006), pp. 181–84, 188–89.
            41. Bassem Mroue, “Iraqi Government Extends Closure of Al-Jazeera’s
                Ofﬁce in Baghdad Indeﬁnitely,” Associated Press, 4 September 2004.
            42. Colin Powell, news conference with Sheik Hamad bin Khalifa
                Thani, 3 October 2001, Washington, D.C. See also Michael Dobbs,
                “Qatar TV Station a Clear Channel to Middle East,” Washington
                Post, 9 October 2001.
            43. Jonathan Curiel, “English-Language Al-Jazeera Bets Americans
                Will Tune In for News,” San Francisco Chronicle, 15 November 2006.
            44. Noam Chomsky, “Latin America at the Tipping Point,” Interna-
                tional Socialist Review 46 (March–April 2006), pp. 10–11.
            45. See additional discussion in Chomsky, Failed States, p. 107.
            46. Patrick J. McDonnell, “Leftist Presidents Take Spotlight at Trade
                Summit,” Los Angeles Times, 22 July 2006; Paulo Prada, “South
                American Trade Bloc Moves to Admit Venezuela,” New York Times,
                8 December 2005.
            47. Benedict Mander, “Instrument of Revolution,” Financial Times
                (London), 8 May 2007.
            48. See the poll conducted for WorldPublicOpinion.org by the Pro-
                gram on International Policy Attitudes (PIPA) at the University of
                Maryland, “Most Iraqis Want US Troops Out Within a Year,” 27
                September 2006.
            49. Ibid.
            50. See Amy Goodman, interview with Amal Saad-Ghorayeb, Democ-
                racy Now!, 27 June 2006, online at http://www.democracynow.org/
                article.pl?sid=06/07/27/1423248. Ghorayeb reports polling in
                Lebanon showing that “89.5 percent believe that the U.S. was not
                an honest broker in this current conﬂict. In fact, only 8 percent of
                Lebanese see it as playing a balanced role.”



                                             - 198 -
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07     8:42 AM     Page 199




                                            notes



             51. Scott Peterson, “Cluster Bombs: A War’s Perilous Aftermath,”
                 Christian Science Monitor, 7 February 2007.
             52. Borzou Daragahi, “Lebanon’s Coast Is Drowning in Oil,” Los Ange-
                 les Times, 4 September 2006.
             53. “Tallying Mideast Damage,” Science, 15 September 2006.
             54. “Rumsfeld’s Words on Iraq: ‘There Is Untidiness,’ ” New York Times,
                 12 April 2003; Sudarsan Raghavan “Violence Changes Fortune of
                 Storied Baghdad Street,” Washington Post, 18 September 2006;
                 Omayma Abdel-Latif, “Israel’s Other War: A Little Remarked Con-
                 sequence of Israel’s War on Lebanon Is the Destruction of Culture,
                 Al-Ahram Weekly, 7–13 September 2006, online at http://weekly
                 .ahram.org.eg/2006/811/re83.htm.


             4. The United States Versus the Gospels

              1. Jonathan Kandell, “Augusto Pinochet, 91, Dictator Who Ruled by
                 Terror in Chile, Dies,” New York Times, 11 December 2006.
              2. See Tim Weiner, “All the President Had to Do Was Ask,” New York
                 Times, 13 September 1998.
              3. Ariel Dorfman, “The Half-Life of a Despot,” New York Times, 12
                 December 2006.
              4. See Juan Hernández Pico, “Central America’s Alternative: Integration
                 from Below,” Envío (Managua, Nicaragua), no. 151 (February 1994),
                 online at http://www.envio.org.ni/articulo/1746. See also Noam
                 Chomsky, The Culture of Terrorism (Boston: South End Press, 1988).
              5. Richard Lapper, “Day of Judgment,” Financial Times (London), 26
                 November 1998.
              6. Peter De Shazo, “The Valparaiso Maritime Strike of 1903 and the De-
                 velopment of a Revolutionary Labor Movement in Chile,” Journal of
                 Latin American Studies 11, no. 1 (May 1979), p. 158. See also Sergio
                 Grez Toso, “La guerra preventiva: Santa María de Iquique. Las
                 Razones del poder,” Archivo Chile (2006), online at http://www
                 .archivochile.com/Historia_de_Chile/sta_ma/HCHsta-ma_04.pdf.
              7. “From ‘Governing from Below’ to Governing Right Up at the Top,”
                 Envío (Managua, Nicaragua), no. 304 (November 2006); online at
                 http://www.envio.org.ni/articulo/3438.
              8. Editorial, “Sandinista Revista: Daniel Ortega’s Comeback in
                 Nicaragua May Raise Eyebrows, But He Poses Little Threat to the
                 U.S.,” Los Angeles Times, 12 November 2006.



                                             - 199 -
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07     8:42 AM      Page 200




                                            notes



             9. Tim Rogers, “Chavez Plays Oil Card in Nicaragua,” Christian Sci-
                ence Monitor, 5 May 2006.
            10. Eliza Barclay, “Energy for the Future Inspires Debate: Central
                America Sees Renewables as Part of Its Needs for the Longer
                Term,” Houston Chronicle, 25 December 2005. The article notes,
                “Costa Rica has led the region in renewable energy, with 90 percent
                of its electricity from hydroelectric, geothermal and wind-powered
                generators, according to Carlos Manuel Rodriguez, Costa Rica’s
                energy and environment minister.”
            11. See Oscar Olivera and Tom Lewis, ¡Cochabamba! Water War in
                Bolivia (Cambridge: South End Press, 2004).
            12. Simon Romero, “Early Returns Point to a Presidential Runoff in
                Ecuador,” New York Times, 16 October 2006.
            13. Adam Thomson, “Fury Builds in Mexico as Defeated Side Cries
                Fraud,” Financial Times, 8 July 2006.
            14. Molly Moore, “Micro-Credit Pioneer Wins Peace Prize,” Washing-
                ton Post, 14 October 2006.
            15. Pope Benedict XVI called Islam “evil and inhuman.” Ian Fisher,
                “Pope Calls West Divorced from Faith, Adding a Blunt Footnote on
                Jihad,” New York Times, 13 September 2006.
            16. Nikolai Lanine, “We’re Still Dying in Afghanistan,” Globe and Mail
                (Toronto), 30 November 2006.
            17. Walter Pincus, “Mueller Outlines Origin, Funding of Sept. 11 Plot,”
                Washington Post, 6 June 2002.
            18. Karen DeYoung, “Allies Are Cautious on ‘Bush Doctrine,’ ” Wash-
                ington Post, 16 October 2001.
            19. See Abdul Haq, “US Bombs Are Boosting the Taliban,” Guardian
                (London), 2 November 2001. Excerpted from an 11 October 2001
                interview with Anatol Lieven.
            20. Farhan Bokhari and John Thornhill, “Afghan Peace Assembly
                Call,” Financial Times (London), 26 October 2001.
            21. Pamela Constable, “In Afghan Poppy Heartland, New Crops, Grow-
                ing Danger,” Washington Post, 6 May 2006; Josh Meyer, “Pentagon Do-
                ing Little in Afghan Drug Fight,” Los Angeles Times, 5 December 2006;
                Carlotta Gall, “Record Opium Crop Possible in Afghanistan, U.N.
                Study Predicts,” New York Times, 6 March 2007. See also the chart
                “Opium Cultivation in Afghanistan,” New York Times, 6 March 2007.
            22. Amy Waldman, “Afghan Route to Prosperity: Grow Poppies,” New
                York Times, 10 April 2004.



                                             - 200 -
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07     8:42 AM      Page 201




                                            notes



             23. Michael Walzer, Arguing About War (New Haven: Yale University
                 Press, 2004), p. 3.
             24. Ibid., p. 200, n. 1
             25. Ibid.
             26. Michael Walzer, Just and Unjust Wars: A Moral Argument with His-
                 torical Illustrations, 4th edition (New York: Basic Books, 2006).
             27. Jean Bethke Elshtain, Just War Against Terror (New York: Basic
                 Books, 2003).
             28. Chomsky, Hegemony or Survival, pp. 95, 199, 203.
             29. David Zeiger, Sir! No Sir! (Displaced Films/Documara, 2007);
                 David Cortright, Soldiers in Revolt, rev. ed. (Chicago: Haymarket
                 Books, 2005).
             30. Michelle York, “This Café’s Menu Is Slight but Its Mission Ambi-
                 tious,” New York Times, 19 November 2006.
             31. Vietnam Veterans Against the War, The Winter Soldier Investiga-
                 tion: An Inquiry into American War Crimes (Boston: Beacon Press,
                 1972).
             32. David Krieger, “Why Are There Still Nuclear Weapons?” Nuclear
                 Age Peace Foundation, 25 August 2006, online at http://www
                 .wagingpeace.org/articles/2006/08/25_krieger_why.htm.
             33. For background and discussion, see Chomsky, Failed States,
                 pp. 69–78.
             34. Robert Collier, “U.S. Action Pays Tribute to India’s Rising Clout,”
                 San Francisco Chronicle, 19 November 2006.
             35. Gary Milhollin, “The US-India Nuclear Pact: Bad for Security,”
                 Current History, no. 694 (November 2006), pp. 371–74.
             36. Jehangir S. Pocha, “China and India on Verge of Nuclear Deal,”
                 Boston Globe, 20 November 2006; Farhan Bokhari and Jo Johnson,
                 “US Fears China-Pakistan Nuclear Ties,” Financial Times (London),
                 17 November 2006.


             5. The Framework for Thinkable Thoughts

              1. Program on International Policy Attitudes, “A Majority of Ameri-
                 cans Reject Military Threats in Favor of Diplomacy with Iran,” 7 De-
                 cember 2006, online at http://www.worldpublicopinion.org.
              2. James A. Baker III, Lee H. Hamilton, et al., The Iraq Study Group Re-
                 port: The Way Forward—A New Approach (New York: Vintage Books,
                 2006).



                                              - 201 -
What We Say Goes PAGES     16/8/07     8:42 AM     Page 202




                                            notes



             3. Ibid., p. 49.
             4. WorldPublicOpinion.org, “Most Iraqis Want US Troops Out
                Within a Year,” 27 September 2006.
             5. Steven Greenhouse, “Sharp Decline in Union Members in ’06,”
                New York Times, 26 January 2007.
             6. Harley Shaiken, “ The Employee Free Choice Act Would Give Orga-
                nizing Power Back to Workers,” Los Angeles Times, 17 February 2007.
             7. “The Workplace: Why America Needs Unions, But Not the Kind It
                Has Now,” BusinessWeek, 23 May 1994.
             8. Mark Trumbull, “The Squeeze on American Pocketbooks,” Christ-
                ian Science Monitor, 3 February 2006.
             9. Keith Bradsher, “Dollars to Spare in China’s Trove,” New York
                Times, 6 March 2007; Richard McGregor, “The Trillion Dollar Ques-
                tion,” Financial Times (London), 25 September 2006.
            10. Edward Wong, “Iran Is Playing a Growing Role in Iraq Economy,”
                New York Times, 17 March 2007.
            11. Ewen MacAskill, “US Threatens Firm Response to Iranian Med-
                dling in Iraq,” Guardian (London), 30 January 2007.
            12. For background, see Noam Chomsky and Edward S. Herman,
                After the Cataclysm: Postwar Indochina and the Reconstruction of Impe-
                rial Ideology (Boston: South End Press, 1979), chaps. 1, 7.
            13. See Noam Chomsky, “Watergate: A Skeptical View,” New York Re-
                view of Books 20, no. 14 (20 September 1973).
            14. For a detailed discussion, see Taylor Owen and Ben Kiernan, “Bombs
                Over Cambodia,” Walrus (October 2006), online at http://www
                .walrusmagazine.ca/articles/2006.10-history-bombs-over-
                cambodia/.
            15. Ibid.
            16. Reprinted 7 December 2006 on ZNet, online at http://www.zmag
                .org/content/showarticle.cfm?ItemID=11571.
            17. For further discussion, see Owen and Kiernan, “Bombs Over
                Cambodia.”
            18. Elizabeth Becker, “Kissinger Tapes Describe Crises, War and Stark
                Photos of Abuse,” New York Times, 27 May 2004; Michael Dobbs,
                “Haig Said Nixon Joked of Nuking Hill,” Washington Post, 27 May
                2004.
            19. Frank Rich, “The Sunshine Boys Can’t Save Iraq,” New York Times,
                10 December 2006.




                                             - 202 -
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07     8:42 AM     Page 203




                                            notes



             20. Glenn Beck, “What Will Change Iran Situation?” CNN, Glenn Beck
                 Show, 23 August 2006.
             21. David Maraniss, “Reagan Has a Texas-Sized Sales Job,” Washing-
                 ton Post, 16 March 1986.
             22. Andy Geller, “Bibi: Mad Mullahs Threaten ‘Another Holocaust,’ ”
                 New York Post, 15 November 2006.
             23. For background, see Chomsky, Failed States, p. 16.
             24. Quoted in Mark Landler and David E. Sanger, “Chief U.N. Nuclear
                 Monitor Cites Iran Enrichment Plan,” New York Times, 27 January
                 2007.
             25. For details, see Chomsky, Hegemony or Survival, p. 25.
             26. Dan Morrison, “Persian Populist Wins Arab Embrace,” Christian
                 Science Monitor, 21 June 2006; U.S. Newswire, “First Public Opinion
                 Poll in Iran’s Neighboring Countries Reveals Startling Findings on
                 Possibility of Iranian Nuclear Arms,” 12 June 2006.
             27. Noam Chomsky, On Power and Ideology: The Managua Lectures
                 (Boston: South End, 1987), p. 127.
             28. Seymour Hersh reports: “The Pentagon has established covert rela-
                 tionships with Kurdish, Azeri, and Baluchi tribesmen, and has en-
                 couraged their efforts to undermine the regime’s authority in
                 northern and southeastern Iran.” See Seymour Hersh, “The Next
                 Act,” New Yorker, 27 November 2006, p. 98.
             29. Steve Inskeep, “A Key Critic’s Problem with Jimmy Carter’s
                 Book,” Morning Edition, NPR, 26 January 2007.
             30. UN Security Council Resolution 497 (17 December 1981).
             31. For discussion, see Chomsky, Failed States, p. 45.
             32. Renée Montagne, “Longtime Jerusalem Mayor Teddy Kollek Dies
                 at 95,” Morning Edition, NPR, 2 January 2007.
             33. For discussion, see Noam Chomsky, World Orders Old and New, rev.
                 ed. (New York: Columbia University Press, 1996), pp. 287–88; and
                 Chomsky, Fateful Triangle, pp. 546–47.
             34. UN Security Council Resolution 252 (21 May 1968).
             35. Juan Williams, interview with President George W. Bush, “Presi-
                 dent Bush on the Record, Part 1,” All Things Considered, NPR, 29
                 January 2007.
             36. Baker, Hamilton, et al., The Iraq Study Group Report, p. 74.
             37. Guy Dinmore, “US Twists Civilian Arms to Fill Its Fortress Bagh-
                 dad,” Financial Times (London), 8 January 2007.




                                             - 203 -
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07     8:42 AM     Page 204




                                           notes



            38. Quoted in Mark Steel, Vive la Revolution: A Stand-up History of the
                French Revolution (Chicago: Haymarket Books, 2006), p. 73.
            39. For discussion, see Chomsky, Hegemony or Survival, p. 11.
            40. G. John Ikenberry, “America’s Imperial Ambition,” Foreign Affairs
                81, no. 5 (September–October 2002).


            6. Invasions and Evasions

             1. The Globe ran a survey of thirty-nine major U.S. newspapers in
                1968 and found that none had editorialized against the war. Boston
                Globe, 18 February 1968. Cited in Norman Solomon, War Made
                Easy: How Presidents and Pundits Keep Spinning Us to Death (Hobo-
                ken, New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons, 2007), p. 223.
             2. Walter Lippmann, Men of Destiny (New York: Macmillan, 1927),
                pp. 215–16.
             3. Bernard Porter, Empire and Superempire: Britain, America and the
                World (New Haven: Yale University Press, 2006), p. 64.
             4. Ibid., pp. 20–21, 62–72.
             5. Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism, rev. ed. (New York:
                Harcourt Brace Jovanovich, 1973), pp. 183–84.
             6. See Noam Chomsky, Language and Mind, 3rd ed. (Cambridge,
                Mass.: Cambridge University Press, 2006), p. 10.
             7. For an excellent overview, see Stephen Jay Gould, The Mismeasure
                of Man, rev. ed. (New York: W. W. Norton, 1996).
             8. Paul Krugman, “Reign of Error,” New York Times, 28 July 2006.
             9. Program on International Policy Attitudes, “Three in Four Say If
                Iraq Did Not Have WMD or Support al Qaeda, US Should Not
                Have Gone to War,” media release, 28 October 2004, online at
                http://www.pipa.org/OnlineReports/Iraq/IraqPresElect_Oct04/
                IraqPresElect_Oct04_pr.pdf.
            10. For background, see Philip Weiss, “Too Hot for New York,” Nation,
                3 April 2006, online at http://www.thenation.com/doc/20060403/
                weiss.
            11. John Mearsheimer and Stephen Walt, “The Israel Lobby,” London
                Review of Books 28, no. 6 (23 March 2006), online at http://www
                .lrb.co.uk/v28/n06/mear01_.html.
            12. Norman Podhoretz, Making It (New York: Random House, 1967).
            13. Eugene Goodheart, “The London Review of Hezbollah,” Dissent,




                                            - 204 -
What We Say Goes PAGES     16/8/07    8:42 AM      Page 205




                                            notes



                 no. 62 (Winter 2007), online at http://www.dissentmagazine.org/
                 article/?article=733.
             14. For background and analysis, see Chomsky, Fateful Triangle,
                 pp. 9–27.
             15. Ibid., p. 21. See “Issues Arising Out of the Situation in the Near
                 East,” 29 July 1958, in Foreign Relations of the United States,
                 1958–1960, vol. 12, Near East Region; Iraq; Iran; Arabian Peninsula
                 (Washington: U.S. Government Printing Ofﬁce, 1993), pp. 114–24,
                 esp. p. 119.
             16. See Avi Shlaim, Collusion Across the Jordan: King Abdullah, the Zion-
                 ist Movement, and the Partition of Palestine (New York: Columbia
                 University Press, 1988), p. 388.
             17. For a detailed discussion of the revision of the Kennedy record by
                 Schlesinger and other Kennedy memoirists after the war became
                 unpopular, see Noam Chomsky, Rethinking Camelot: JFK, the Viet-
                 nam War, and U.S. Political Culture (Boston: South End Press), pp.
                 105–25.
             18. Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr., A Thousand Days: John F. Kennedy in the
                 White House (Boston: Houghton Mifﬂin, 1965).
             19. Chomsky, Rethinking Camelot.
             20. For discussion, see Noam Chomsky, American Power and the New
                 Mandarins (New York: The New Press, 2002), chap. 4.
             21. For discussion, see Noam Chomsky, Middle East Illusions (Lanham,
                 MD: Rowman & Littleﬁeld Publishers, 2004), chap. 5.
             22. Howard LaFranchi, “Congress Says It Sees Jerusalem as Israel’s
                 Capital,” Christian Science Monitor, 2 October 2002.
             23. See Chomsky, Hegemony or Survival, p. 29.
             24. Ed Crooks, “Exxon Proﬁts May Spur Critics,” Financial Times, 1 Feb-
                 ruary 2007; Andrei Postelnicu, “Exxon Highlights Investment Amid
                 New Earnings Record,” Financial Times (London), 28 April 2006.
             25. See Sharon Wrobel, “Industrial Cooperation Spikes 500% in ’06,”
                 Jerusalem Post, 17 April 2007.
             26. Yaakov Katz, “Arms Sales to China Resume,” Jerusalem Post, 2
                 March 2006.
             27. John Lancaster, “Israel Halts China Arms Deal,” Washington Post,
                 13 July 2000.
             28. Leon V. Sigal, “The Lessons of North Korea’s Test,” Current History
                 no. 694 (November 2006), pp. 363–64.




                                              - 205 -
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07     8:42 AM     Page 206




                                           notes



            29. Jimmy Carter, Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid (New York: Simon and
                Schuster, 2006).
            30. Henry Siegman, “Hurricane Carter,” Nation, 22 January 2007, on-
                line at http://www.thenation.com/doc/20070122/siegman.
            31. Editorial, “Jimmy Carter vs. Jimmy Carter,” Boston Globe, 16
                December 2006.
            32. For background, see Chomsky, Fateful Triangle, chap. 9.
            33. Yehoshua Porath, Ha’aretz (Tel Aviv), 25 June 1982, translated from
                the Hebrew edition.
            34. Carter, Palestine, Appendix 7, “Israel’s Response to the Roadmap,
                May 25, 2003,” pp. 243–47.
            35. See, among other examples, Patrick E. Tyler, “With Time Running
                Out, Bush Shifted Mideast Policy,” New York Times, 30 June 2002.


            7. Threats

             1. Elisabeth Rosenthal and Andrew C. Revkin, “Science Panel Says
                Global Warming Is ‘Unequivocal,’ ” New York Times, 3 February 2007.
             2. “ ‘Doomsday Clock’ Moves Two Minutes Closer to Midnight,” Bul-
                letin of the Atomic Scientists, media release, 18 January 2007, on-
                line at http://www.thebulletin.org/media-center/announcements/
                20070117.html.
             3. George P. Shultz, William J. Perry, Henry A. Kissinger, and Sam
                Nunn, “A World Free of Nuclear Weapons,” Wall Street Journal, 4
                January 2007.
             4. David E. Sanger and William J. Broad, “U.S. Concedes Uncertainty
                on Korean Uranium Effort,” New York Times, 1 March 2007.
             5. For a thorough analysis, see Mike Davis, The Monster at Our
                Door: The Global Threat of Avian Flu, rev. ed. (New York: Owl,
                2006).
             6. John Vidal, “Desert Cities Are Living on Borrowed Time, UN
                Warns,” Guardian (London), 5 June 2006.
             7. David R. Francis, “Spend Money on Disasters Before They Hap-
                pen,” Christian Science Monitor, 17 October 2005.
             8. William J. Broad, “With a Push from the UN, Water Reveals Its Se-
                crets,” New York Times, 26 July 2005.
             9. World Bank studies, online at http://econ.worldbank.org. See also
                David White, “Uneven Distribution,” Financial Times (London), 21
                November 2006.



                                            - 206 -
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07     8:42 AM     Page 207




                                            notes



             10. Program on International Policy Attitudes, “23 Nation Poll Finds
                 Strong Support for Dramatic Changes at UN,” media release, 21
                 March 2005, online at http://www.worldpublicopinion.org.
             11. Union of Concerned Scientists, Smoke, Mirrors, and Hot Air,
                 January 2007, online at www.ucsusa.org/assets/documents/
                 global_warming/exxon_report.pdf.
             12. Peter Bergen and Paul Cruickshank, “The Iraq Effect,” Mother Jones,
                 1 March 2007, online at http://www.motherjones.com/news/
                 featurex/2007/03/iraq_effect_1.html.
             13. The MIPT-RAND terrorism database is available online at
                 http://terrorismknowledgebase.org.
             14. Helene Cooper and Jim Yardley, “Pact with North Korea Draws
                 Fire from a Wide Range of Critics in U.S.,” New York Times, 14 Feb-
                 ruary 2007.
             15. Gordon Fairclough and Carla Anne Robbins, “North Korea Vows
                 to Give Up Nuclear Weapons,” Wall Street Journal, 20 September
                 2005.
             16. Sigal, “Lessons of North Korea’s Test.”
             17. Steven R. Weisman and Donald Greenlees, “U.S. Discusses Freeing
                 North Korean Funds,” New York Times, 1 March 2007. See also
                 Anna Fiﬁeld, “North Korea Calls for Swift End to All Sanctions,”
                 Financial Times (London), 16 May 2007.
             18. “Stammen die ‘Supernotes’ von der CIA?” Frankfurter Allgemeine
                 Zeitung, 6 January 2007.
             19. Edward Cody, “China Conﬁrms Firing Missile to Destroy Satel-
                 lite,” Washington Post, 24 January 2007.
             20. Chomsky, Hegemony or Survival, pp. 219–29.
             21. Thomas E. Ricks and Craig Whitlock, “Putin Hits U.S. Over Unilat-
                 eral Approach,” Washington Post, 11 February 2007.
             22. Gary Lee, “Gorbachev Drops Objection to United Germany in
                 NATO,” Washington Post, 17 July 1990.
             23. Steven Lee Myers, “NATO Takes Steps to Expand Ranks into East-
                 ern Europe,” New York Times, 11 December 1996.
             24. Peter Spiegel, “U.S. Ups Ante on Missile Defense,” Los Angeles
                 Times, 4 April 2007.
             25. John Steinbruner and Jeffrey Lewis, “The Unsettled Legacy of the
                 Cold War,” Daedalus, Fall 2002, pp. 5–10.
             26. Program on International Policy Attitudes, “Majority of Americans
                 Reject Military Threats.”



                                             - 207 -
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07     8:42 AM      Page 208




                                           notes



            27. For discussion, see Chomsky, Failed States, pp. 73–74; and Chom-
                sky, Hegemony or Survival, pp. 159–60.
            28. Polling by Chicago Council on Foreign Relations and Gallup. For
                discussion, see Chomsky, Rethinking Camelot, pp. 60–63.
            29. Edward S. Herman and Noam Chomsky, Manufacturing Consent:
                The Political Economy of the Mass Media (New York: Pantheon, 1988).
            30. Edward S. Herman and Noam Chomsky, Manufacturing Consent:
                The Political Economy of the Mass Media, rev. ed. (New York: Pan-
                theon, 2002), pp. xi–lviii.
            31. Ibid., pp. 29–31. For criticisms of the limits of this approach, see
                pp. xvii–xviii.
            32. See Fawaz Gerges, The Far Enemy: Why Jihad Went Global (Cam-
                bridge, Mass.: Cambridge University Press, 2005), and Journey of
                the Jihadist: Inside Muslim Militancy (New York: Harcourt Press,
                2006). See also Gerges’s articles online at http://pages.slc
                .edu/~fgerges/.
            33. See Jason Burke, Al-Qaeda: The True Story of Radical Islam (London:
                Penguin Books, 2004).
            34. Michael Scheuer, Imperial Hubris: Why the West Is Losing the War on
                Terror (Dulles, VA: Potomac Books, 2004), originally published
                anonymously.
            35. Samuel P. Huntington, The Clash of Civilizations and the Remaking of
                World Order (New York: Simon and Schuster, 1996), p. 258.
            36. David E. Sager, “Real Politics: Why Suharto Is In and Castro Is
                Out,” New York Times, 31 October 1995.
            37. George Orwell, 1984 (New York: Signet Classics, 2005), pp. 71–72.


            8. What We Can Do

             1. Rick Atkinson and Ann Devroy, “Bush: Iraq Won’t Decide Tim-
                ing of Ground War,” Washington Post, 2 February 1991. Bush pro-
                claimed during a tour of military bases in North Carolina and
                Georgia, “When we win, and we will, we will have taught a dan-
                gerous dictator, and any tyrant tempted to follow in his foot-
                steps, that the U.S. has a new credibility, and that what we say
                goes.”
             2. Wire reports, “Bush Assails ‘Evil’ of Hussein,” St. Petersburg Times,
                2 February 1991. Bush said in the same speech, “There is no place
                for lawless aggression in the Persian Gulf and in this new world



                                             - 208 -
What We Say Goes PAGES     16/8/07    8:42 AM      Page 209




                                             notes



                 order that we seek to create. And we mean it, and he [Saddam Hus-
                 sein] will understand that when the day is done.”
              3. Serge Schmemann, “All Aboard: America’s War Train Is Leaving
                 the Station,” New York Times, February 2, 2003. Washington’s mes-
                 sage, Schmemann wrote, is no longer “you’re either with us or
                 against us,” but “something far more shrewd”: “Either you’re with
                 us, or you’re irrelevant.”
              4. In a 1994 speech, Bolton said, “There is no United Nations. There is
                 an international community that occasionally can be led by the only
                 real power left in the world—that’s the United States—when it suits
                 our interests and when we can get others to go along.” Quoted in
                 editorial, “Questioning Mr. Bolton,” New York Times, 13 April 2005.
              5. For discussion, see Chomsky, Hegemony or Survival, pp. 4, 131–36.
              6. For background, see Noam Chomsky, “Memories,” Z magazine
                 (July–August 1995), online at http://www.chomsky.info.
              7. For background and discussion, see Noam Chomsky, Deterring
                 Democracy (New York: Verso, 1991), pp. 149–73.
              8. See Noam Chomsky and Edward S. Herman, The Washington Con-
                 nection and Third World Fascism (Boston: South End Press, 1979);
                 and Chomsky and Herman, After the Cataclysm: Postwar Indochina
                 and the Reconstruction of Imperial Ideology (Boston: South End Press,
                 1979) (vols. 1 and 2 of The Political Economy of Human Rights). See
                 also Edward S. Herman, The Real Terror Network: Terrorism in Fact
                 and Propaganda (Boston: South End Press, 1982).
              9. Lars Schoultz, “U.S. Foreign Policy and Human Rights Violations
                 in Latin America: A Comparative Analysis of Foreign Aid Distrib-
                 utions,” Comparative Politics 13, no. 2 (January 1981), pp. 155, 157.
             10. For discussion, see Chomsky, Hegemony or Survival, pp. 52–53.
             11. Alfredo Molano, Dispossessed: Chronicles of the Desterrados of Colom-
                 bia, trans. Daniel Bland (Chicago: Haymarket Books, 2005), see
                 foreword by Aviva Chomsky.
             12. See C. Peter Rydell and Susan S. Everingham, Controlling Cocaine:
                 Supply Versus Demand Programs, Rand Corporation (2004), online at
                 http://www.rand.org/pubs/monograph_reports/MR331/index2
                 .html.
             13. Hugh O’Shaughnessy and Sue Branford, Chemical Warfare in
                 Colombia: The Costs of Coca Fumigation (London: Latin America Bu-
                 reau, 2005), p. 120, citing Martin Jelsma and Pien Metaal, “Cracks
                 in the Vienna Consensus: The UN Drug Control Debate,” Drug



                                              - 209 -
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07     8:42 AM      Page 210




                                            notes



                War Monitor, Washington, D.C., Washington Ofﬁce on Latin Amer-
                ica, January 2004.
            14. Ewen MacAskill and Suzanne Goldenberg, “Bush’s Last Stand,”
                Guardian (London), 11 January 2007; Michael Gordon, “Deadliest
                Bomb in Iraq Is Made in Iran, U.S. Says,” New York Times, 10 Febru-
                ary 2007.
            15. For background, see Chomsky, Deterring Democracy, pp. 45–49.
            16. For discussion, see Chomsky, Failed States, pp. 89–93.
            17. Isabel Hilton, “Overdue Process,” Financial Times Weekend Maga-
                zine, 28 August 2004, p. 16.
            18. Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Article 14, Part 1, adopted
                10 December 1948 by the General Assembly of the United Nations,
                online at http://www.un.org/Overview/rights.html.
            19. Lynne Duke, “U.S. Camp for Haitians Described as Prison-Like,”
                Washington Post, 19 September 1992.
            20. Amy Goldstein, “Justices Won’t Hear Detainee Rights Cases—for
                Now,” Washington Post, 3 April 2007.
            21. In early 1964, the State Department Policy Planning Council ex-
                plained, “The primary danger we face in Castro is . . . in the impact
                the very existence of his regime has upon the leftist movement in
                many Latin American countries. . . . The simple fact is that Castro
                represents a successful deﬁance of the US, a negation of our whole
                hemispheric policy of almost a century and a half.” Quoted in
                Piero Gleijeses, Conﬂicting Missions: Havana, Washington, and Africa,
                1959–1976 (Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 2003),
                p. 26.
            22. Michael Janofsky, “As Cuba Plans Offshore Wells, Some Want U.S.
                to Follow Suit,” New York Times, 9 May 2006.
            23. Joseph Carroll, “Two in Three Americans Favor Re-Establishing
                Ties with Cuba,” Gallup News Service, 15 December 2006.
            24. Simon Romero, “Oilmen Meet with Cubans in Mexico, but U.S. In-
                tervenes,” New York Times, 4 February 2006.
            25. David J. Lynch, “Political, Tech Hurdles Muddle Iran Oil Indus-
                try,” USA Today, 14 September 2006.
            26. Farah Stockman, “Iran’s Nuclear Vision First Glimpsed at MIT,”
                Boston Globe, 12 March 2007.
            27. For discussion, see Chomsky, Failed States, p. 73.
            28. Gareth Smyth, “Tehran to Ration Petrol and Put Up Pump Prices,”
                Financial Times (London), 9 March 2007.



                                             - 210 -
What We Say Goes PAGES     16/8/07     8:42 AM      Page 211




                                             notes



             29. Sebnem Arsu, “Suspects in Journalist’s Killing Came from a
                 Hotbed of Turkish Ultranationalist Sentiment,” New York Times,
                 8 February 2007.
             30. Nicholas Birch, “Speaking Out in the Shadow of Death,” Guardian
                 (London), 7 April 2007.
             31. Ian Fisher, “Turkish Writers Say Efforts to Stiﬂe Speech May Back-
                 ﬁre,” New York Times, 6 October 2006; Lawrence Van Gelder,
                 “Chomsky Publisher Charged in Turkey,” New York Times, 5 July
                 2006.
             32. Robert Fisk, “Shimon Peres Stands Accused Over Denial of ‘Mean-
                 ingless’ Armenian Holocaust,” Independent (London), 18 April
                 2001.
             33. Special to the New York Times, “Genocide Seminar, Opposed by Is-
                 rael, Opens,” New York Times, 22 June 1982.
             34. Molly Moore, “Naval Exercise Builds Mideast Ties,” Washington
                 Post, 14 January 2001; Scott Peterson, “Eager for Closer Israel Ties,
                 Turkey Turns Up the Charm,” Christian Science Monitor, 10 July
                 1998; Judy Dempsey, “Turkey to Boost Ties with Israel,” Financial
                 Times (London), 7 July 1998; Efraim Inbar, The Israeli-Turkish Entente
                 (London: King’s College London Mediterranean Studies, 2001).
             35. For some indications, see Douglas Davis, “Israel Spies on Syria
                 from Turkey,” Jerusalem Post, 11 December 1997; Arieh O’Sullivan,
                 “IAF Jets Fly Long-Range Training Sorties in Turkey,” Jerusalem
                 Post, 12 December 1997; Robert Olson, “Turkey-Iran Relations,
                 2000–2001: The Caspian, Azerbaijan, and the Kurds,” Middle East
                 Policy 9, no. 2 (June 2002), pp. 111–29.
             36. Bryan Bender, “Pentagon Plans New Command to Cover Africa,”
                 Boston Globe, 21 December 2006.
             37. Emily Wax, “A U.S. Beachhead on Horn of Africa: Region’s Impor-
                 tance in War on Terror Grows with Use of Strategic Djibouti,” Wash-
                 ington Post, 5 December 2002. For an example of its recent use, see
                 Karen DeYoung, “U.S. Strike in Somalia Targets Al-Qaeda Figure,”
                 Washington Post, 9 January 2007.
             38. See Aijaz Ahmad, “Empire Marches On,” Frontline 24, no. 1
                 (13–26 January 2007), online at http://www.hinduonnet.com/
                 ﬂine/ﬂ2401/.
             39. Colum Lynch, “Peacekeeping Force for Somalia Approved,” Wash-
                 ington Post, 7 December 2006.
             40. Ahmad, “Empire Marches On.”



                                               - 211 -
What We Say Goes PAGES    16/8/07     8:42 AM     Page 212




                                           notes



            41. Stephanie McCrummen, “Somali Capital Awash in Anger at
                Ethiopia, U.S., Interim Leaders,” Washington Post, 11 January 2007.
            42. Ewen MacAskill, “Stakes Rise as US Declares Darfur Killings
                Genocide,” Guardian (London), 10 September 2004.
            43. Mahmood Mamdani, “The Politics of Naming: Genocide, Civil
                War, Insurgency,” London Review of Books 29, no. 5 (8 March 2007),
                online at http://www.lrb.co.uk/v29/n05/mamd01_.html.
            44. Amira Hass has written extensively on the closures and check-
                points in a series of articles for Ha’aretz, forthcoming in expanded
                form from Metropolitan Books. See also chapter 2, note 11, and
                Amira Hass, foreword to Yehudit Kirstein Keshet, Checkpoint
                Watch: Testimonies from Occupied Palestine (London: Zed Books,
                2006), pp. x–xvii.
            45. For discussion, see Chomsky, Fateful Triangle, pp. 64–80.
            46. Ibid., p. 67.
            47. Noam Chomsky and Gilbert Achcar, Perilous Power: The Middle East
                and U.S. Foreign Policy, ed. Stephen Shalom (Boulder: Paradigm,
                2006), p. 193.
            48. See Jon Bekken, “The Working-Class Press at the Turn of the Cen-
                tury,” in Ruthless Criticism: New Perspectives in US Communication
                History, ed. William S. Solomon and Robert W. McChesney (Min-
                neapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 1993), pp. 157–59; and Ira
                Kipnis, The American Socialist Movement, 1897–1912 (Chicago: Hay-
                market Books, 2004).
            49. Chomsky, Failed States, pp. 228–30.
            50. Eqbal Ahmad, “Intellectuals, Ideology, and the State,” Cambridge,
                Massachusetts, 16 October 1998, audio and transcript available
                from Alternative Radio (http://www.alternativeradio.org).




                                            - 212 -
What We Say Goes PAGES   16/8/07   8:42 AM   Page 213




                Acknowledgments


             Special thanks to Sara Bershtel and Riva Hocherman
             of Metropolitan Books, Anthony Arnove for advice and
             friendship, David Peterson for tracking down articles,
             Elaine Bernard and Greg Gigg for their solidarity, KGNU
             community radio, Bev Stohl for her good cheer and assis-
             tance, and to Noam Chomsky for his endless patience
             and good humor. Parts of these interviews ﬁrst appeared
             in the International Socialist Review.




                                        - 213 -
What We Say Goes PAGES        16/8/07     8:42 AM        Page 214




                                          INDEX


            Achcar, Gilbert, 185–86      automobile industry, 97,     Bush, George H. W., 18,
            Adams, John Quincy, 171          145–46                      161, 163
            Afghanistan, 86–89           avian ﬂu, 142–43             Bush, George W.,
              Russian invasion of, 26,   Avnery, Uri, 21                 administration of, 24,
                86, 101–2                                                29, 30, 38, 42, 44, 70,
            Africa, 180–82               Bachelet, Michelle, 77          91, 115–16, 130, 150,
            Ahmad, Eqbal, 189            Barak, Ehud, 20                 151, 154, 158, 160,
            Ahmadinejad, Mahmoud,        Bechtel, 82                     161–62, 172, 174, 175,
                13, 111–12               Beck, Glenn, 105                180
            Alemán, Arnoldo, 80–81       Begin, Menachem, 178           global warming and,
            Alexander the Great, 2       Benedict XVI, Pope, 84          143, 144–45
            Al Jazeera, 62–63            Benvenisti, Meron, 137         Middle East and, 9,
            Allende, Salvador, 51, 52,   Bergen, Peter, 146–47           18–19, 109
                73–74                    Berrigan, Daniel, 131
            Al Qaeda, 2, 157, 158        Betancourt, Rómulo, 57       Calderón, Felipe, 82
            Alsop, Joseph, 130           bin Laden, Osama, 87, 157,   Cambodia, invasion of,
            American Jewish                  158, 160                    102–4, 163
                Committee, 126           Bolivia, 5–6, 47, 81–82      Carter, Jimmy, 58,
            Aoun, Michel, 21             Bolton, John, 161–62         Castro, Fidel, 172
            Arab League, 13              Boston Globe, 120–21, 137,   Catholic Church, 84–85,
            Arendt, Hannah, 123              175                         160
            Argentina, 52, 59, 61, 64,   Branford, Sue, 166–67        Charny, Israel, 178
                66                       Brazil, 64, 67               Chávez, Hugo, 42–47,
            Arguing About War            Britain, 56, 146                59–60, 61, 63, 67
                (Walzer), 88–89          Buergenthal, Thomas, 113     Cheney, Dick, 20, 176
            Aristide, Jean-Bertrand, 5   Buffet, Warren, 133, 134     Chile, 51–52, 64, 67, 73–79
            Armenian genocide,           Bulletin of the Atomic       China, 29, 48, 51, 66–67,
                178–79                       Scientists, 141–42          92, 99, 109–10, 135–36,




                                                  - 214 -
What We Say Goes PAGES          16/8/07     8:42 AM        Page 215




                                                    index




                 148–49, 151                evangelicals, 38, 132         Hoodbhoy, Perez, 26
             Citgo, 59–60                   ExxonMobil, 133, 134,         housing market, U.S.,
             “clash of civilizations,”         144–45, 174                   98–99
                 158–60                                                   Howe, Irving, 132
             Clinton, Bill,                 Falk, Richard, 3–4, 89        Hu Jintao, 29
                 administration of, 83,     Ford, Gerald, 175             human rights violations
                 103, 136, 151, 159,        Foreign Affairs, 118             and U.S. aid, 164–66
                 164–65                     France, 18                    Huntington, Samuel,
             Codelco, 52, 77                Frankfurter Allgemeine           158–60
             Colombia, 164–67                   Zeitung, 148              Hussein, Saddam, 1, 27,
             Commentary, 126                Friedan, Betty, 187              58, 59, 108
             community radio, 155           Friedman, Thomas, 27–28,
             congressional elections,           47, 48, 49, 50, 52, 139   Ikenberry, John, 118
                 55–56                      Friel, Howard, 3–4            imperialism, 94, 121–24,
             Corrêa, Rafael, 82                                               125
             Corrie, Rachel, 125, 132       genocide, 104 , 177–78,       India, 49–50, 91, 92, 146
             Costa Rica, 80, 81                 181–82                    Indonesia, 159
             Council on Foreign             Gerges, Fawaz, 157, 158       Inskeep, Steve, 112
                 Relations, 169–70          Germany, 105–6, 169, 170      Intel, 134
             Cuba, 59, 60, 61, 171, 172,    GI coffeehouse movement,      intellectuals, 189
                 173, 174                       90                        International Atomic
             Current History, 91–92         global warming, 32, 141,          Energy Agency, 31, 107
                                                143, 144–45               International Criminal
             Darfur, 181–82                 Gómez, Juan Vicente,              Court, 187
             da Silva, Luiz Inácio Lula,        56–57                     International Monetary
                 66                         Goodman, Amy, 154                 Fund (IMF), 50, 52, 65,
             Dayan, Moshe, 130              Gorbachev, Mikhail, 150           66, 81–82
             “democracy deﬁcit” in the      Grameen Bank, 83              international relations,
                 U.S., 52–54                Grand Area strategy,              principles of, 41–42, 56
             Democracy Now!, 154, 155           169–71                    Internet, 39, 151–53
             Dershowitz, Alan, 23           Great Turning, The            Iran, 13, 19, 27, 30–32,
             Dink, Hrant, 177                   (Korten), 32                  57–59, 80, 95–96,
             Dissent, 126–27                Guantánamo, 171–73                105–12, 147, 153–54,
             Djibouti, 180                  Guatemala, 81                     168, 175–77
             dollar, U.S., 32–33, 99–100                                  Iran-Iraq war, 27, 58–59,
             Dorfman, Ariel, 74             Ha’aretz, 137, 138                176–77
                                            Haiti, 5, 172                 Iraq, 27, 107, 108, 109, 110,
             economy, U.S. See              Hamas, 10, 11, 12–13, 25,         116–17
                 individual issues, e.g.,      111, 139                      weapons of mass
                 dollar, U.S.               Haq, Abdul, 87–88                 destruction, 124–25
             Ecuador, 6, 82                 Haq, Muhammad Zia ul-,        Iraq, invasion (1991), 18,
             Egypt, 165, 184                   26                             161
             Eisenhower, Dwight D.,         Hariri, Raﬁk, 23              Iraq, invasion (2003) and
                 57, 70                     health care, 34                   occupation, 1, 3, 27–30,
             ElBaradei, Mohamed, 31,        Helms, Richard, 74                67–68, 70, 85–86, 96,
                 107–8                      Herman, Edward, 157, 164          101, 106, 107, 118, 126,
             elections, U.S., 54–55         Hersh, Seymour, 18–19             146–47, 161–62, 167–68
             El Salvador, 165               Hezbollah, 9–11, 13, 14–17,   Iraq Study Group report,
             Elshtain, Jean Bethke, 89         19, 21, 22–23, 24, 111         96, 116–17
             Ethiopia, 180, 182             Holocaust, 112, 129           Islamic fundamentalism,



                                                      - 215 -
What We Say Goes PAGES          16/8/07      8:42 AM          Page 216




                                                     index




                 21, 24–26, 27, 128, 159    Latin America, 42–48,            neoliberalism, 43, 48,
            Israel, 9–25, 27, 63, 69, 91,        50–52, 56–67, 73–85,           50–52, 57, 75–76
                 93–94, 106–7, 108,              164–65                      Netanyahu, Benjamin, 106
                 125–40, 165, 182–85           see also individual nations   New York Times, 1, 2, 3–4,
               annexation wall, 112–13,     Lebanon, 9–10, 15–24, 23,           27, 44–45, 61–62, 73,
                 183                             27, 63, 69–70, 126, 138        75, 104, 142, 148, 182
               the occupied territories,       Cedar Revolution, 23–24       Nicaragua, 47–48, 79–81,
                 10–12, 20, 112–14, 139,       see also Hezbollah               106
                 183–84                     liberation theology, 84          Nixon, Richard, 74, 102,
            Israel lobby, 125–37            Lippmann, Walter, 121,              103, 104
            Israel/Palestine (Reinhart),         123                         North American Free
                 20                         Llewellyn, Tim, 17                  Trade Agreement
                                            London Review of Books,             (NAFTA), 83
            Jerusalem, 114–15                    182                         North Atlantic Treaty
            jihadi terrorism, 70,                                               Organization (NATO),
                157–58                      McCarthy, Eugene, 94–95             150
            Jiménez, Marcos Pérez, 56,      McNamara, Robert, 32,            North Korea, 136, 142,
                57                              163                             147–48
            John Paul II, Pope, 84          Making It (Podhoretz), 126       Nuclear Non-Proliferation
            Johnson, Lyndon B.,             al-Maliki, Nuri, 27                 Treaty, 91
                186–87                      Mallat, Chibli, 14–15            nuclear weapons, 26, 31,
            Jordan, 128–29, 184             Mamdani, Mahmood, 182               32, 59, 90–91, 106,
            Jumblatt, Walid, 14             manufacturing sector,               107–9, 141–42, 147–48,
            Just and Unjust Wars                U.S., 97–98                     149, 150–51, 175–76
                (Walzer), 89                Mearsheimer, John, 126,
            just war theory, 88–89              132–35, 136                  Obama, Barack, 54
                                            media reform, 119–21             Obrador, Andrés Manuel
            Kennan, George, 25              Mercosur, 66                          Lopez, 82
            Kennedy, John F., 40, 55,       Mexico, 82–83, 122               oil, 28, 33, 43, 47, 56,
                64, 94, 129                 microcredit loans, 83–84              59–60, 67, 99–100, 159,
            Khamenei, Ayatollah Ali,        Middle East. See individual           175, 177, 181
                13                              countries                    Operation Miracle, 60
            Khatami, Mohammad, 30           Midstream, 126                   Ortega, Daniel, 79–80
            Khmer Rouge, 103–4              Milhollin, Gary, 91              Orwell, George, 160
            Khuzestan, 108, 177             MIT, 175–76                      O’Shaughnessy, Hugh,
            Kiernan, Ben, 103               Monroe Doctrine, 171                  166–67
            King, Martin Luther, Jr., 4,    Montagne, Renée, 114
                6–7, 131, 186               Morales, Evo, 5, 46–47           Pahlavi, Mohammad Reza
            Kirchner, Nestor, 52, 66        Mueller, Robert, 87                  (shah of Iran), 58, 175
            Kirkpatrick, Jeane, 82                                           Pakistan, 2, 26, 91–92, 107,
            Kissinger, Henry, 104, 142,     Nasrallah, Hassan, 13, 14            109
                175                         Nasser, Gamal Abdel, 25,         Palestine Liberation
            Kollek, Teddy, 114–15               128                              Organization (PLO),
            Korten, David, 32               Nation, 137                          21, 25, 138–39, 183, 184
            Krieger, David, 90              nationalism, secular,            Palestine: Peace Not
            Kristof, Nicholas, 182              24–25, 27, 127, 128, 159         Apartheid (Carter),
            Kristol, Bill, 30, 130          National Public Radio                137–38
            Kull, Steven, 125                   (NPR), 54, 112, 115          Palestinians, 113–15,
            Kyoto Protocols, 187            Nature, 108                          128–29, 132, 139,
                                            Nazarbayev, Nursultan, 46            183–84



                                                       - 216 -
What We Say Goes PAGES        16/8/07      8:42 AM         Page 217




                                                   index




               two-state solution,         Sainath, P., 50                    and Development, 42,
                 13–14, 183–84             Sandinista National                61
               see also Hamas; Israel,         Liberation Front, 80          High-level Panel on
                 the occupied              Saudi Arabia, 25, 28–29,           Threats, Challenges,
                 territories                   107, 109, 128, 159             and Change, 43
             Pamuk, Orhan, 177             savings, negative, 98
                                                                             Security Council
             Panama, 163–64                Scharfenberg, Kirk, 120
                                                                              Resolution 1559, 16, 17,
             Peck, Edward, 14              Scheuer, Michael, 158
             Pelosi, Nancy, 43             Schlesinger, Arthur,               18
             Pentagon Papers, 162              129–30                      United States. See speciﬁc
             Peres, Shimon, 178            Schoultz, Lars, 164                individuals, agencies,
             Peru, 6, 78                   Science, 69                        and policies
             pharmaceutical industry,      September 11, 2001, 86–87,      University of Chicago
                 34, 174                       157                            economists, 51, 75–76
             Pico, Juan Hernández, 75      conspiracy theories,            Uruguay, 59
             Pinochet, Augusto, 51, 52,        34–40
                 73–76, 77                 Shafak, Elif, 177               Varadarajan, Siddharth, 22
             Podhoretz, Norman, 126        Sharon, Ariel, 20               Venezuela, 33, 48, 56–57,
             Porath, Yehoshua, 138, 139    Shultz, George, 142
                                                                               59, 61, 64–66, 67
             Porter, Bernard, 122          Siegman, Henry, 137
             Powell, Colin, 62, 63, 161,   Siniora, Fouad, 16                see also Chávez, Hugo
                 181                       Smith, Adam, 41–42, 56,         Vida Urbana (City Life),
             Program on International          133, 134                        188
                 Policy Attitudes, 53,     Somalia, 180                    Vietnam War, 4, 22, 28, 90,
                 125                       South Korea, 48                     102–5, 109–10, 120,
             Putin, Vladimir, 149–50       State Department, U.S.,             129–30, 162–63, 167–68
                                               47–48, 169                    opposition to, 7, 93,
             Qatar, emir of, 62–63         Suharto, 159                        155–56
                                           Supreme Court, U.S., 172
             racism, 123–24, 185           Syria, 17–18, 20–21, 22,        Waldman, Paul, 53–54
             Rand Corporation, 147,            128, 184
                                                                           Wall Street Journal, 37
                 149
             Reagan, Ronald,               Taiwan, 48                      Walt, Stephen, 126, 132–35,
                 administration of, 26,    Taliban, 87–88                      136
                 58, 97, 106, 164          teachers’ unions, 131           Walzer, Michael, 88–89
             Record of the Paper, The      Telesur, 59, 61–63              Washington Post, 87
                 (Friel and Falk), 3–4     Thucydides, 41, 56              water, 143
             Reinhart, Tanya, 20           Toronto Globe and Mail, 86      Welles, Sumner, 105
             Rice, Condoleezza, 31,        trade deﬁcit, U.S., 32, 98      Wiesel, Elie, 178
                 47–48, 63                 Traub, James, 1–2               Williams, Juan, 115
             Rich, Frank, 104              Treasury Department,            Wilson, Woodrow, 56
             Roosevelt, Franklin D., 105       U.S., 65                    Winship, Tom, 120
             Rove, Karl, 44                Turkey, 109, 165, 177–79
                                                                           Wolfowitz, Paul, 159, 176
             Rumsfeld, Donald, 20, 43,
                                                                           World Bank, 50, 65, 82, 143
                 176                       UNESCO, 61, 62
                                           unions, 96–97, 131, 186         World Court, 113, 187
             Saad-Ghorayeb, Amal,          United Nations, 42, 61,         Yemen, 128
                 16–17                        161–62, 187                  Yunus, Muhammad, 83
             Sadat, Anwar, 26                Charter, 1, 4, 43, 100, 187
             Said, Edward, 89                Conference on Trade           Zinn, Howard, 4–5



                                                     - 217 -
