Copyright © 2018 by Dan Kovalik
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced
in any manner without the express written consent of the
publisher, except in the case of brief excerpts in critical
reviews or articles. All inquiries should be addressed to
Skyhorse Publishing, 307 West 36th Street, 11th Floor, New
York, NY 10018.
Skyhorse Publishing books may be purchased in bulk at
special discounts for sales promotion, corporate gifts, fundraising, or educational purposes. Special editions can also
be created to speciﬁcations. For details, contact the Special
Sales Department, Skyhorse Publishing, 307 West 36th
Street,
11th
Floor,
New
York,
NY
10018
or
info@skyhorsepublishing.com.
Skyhorse® and Skyhorse Publishing® are registered
trademarks of Skyhorse Publishing, Inc.®, a Delaware
corporation.
Visit our website at www.skyhorsepublishing.com.
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
Library of Congress
available on ﬁle.

Cataloging-in-Publication

Cover design by Michael Short
Print ISBN: 978-1-5107-3934-5
Ebook ISBN: 978-1-5107-3935-2
Printed in the United States of America

Data

is

Dedicated to the people of Iran, with love and solidarity.

Human beings are all members of one body.
They are created from the same essence.
When one member is in pain,
The others cannot rest.
If you do not care about the pain of others,
You are not worthy of being called a human.
—Sa’di, Thirteenth Century Persian Poet.
(Quote inscribed over entrance of United Nations building in
NYC)*
*Phil Wilyato, In Defense of Iran.

CONTENTS
Introduction
1 Target: Iran
2
East

The West’s Not-So-Creative Destruction of the Middle

3
The United States and United Kingdom Destroy
Iranian Democracy
4 Installing a King in the Name of Democracy
5 The CIA and the SAVAK
6 Jimmy Carter and the Human Rights Double Standard
7 The Shah’s Reign Begins to Crumble
8 US Foreign Policy and the Rise of the Ayatollah
9 A Tale of Two Revolutions—Iran and Nicaragua
10
Other

The Iran-Iraq War—Playing Both Sides Against Each

11 The United States, Iran, and the Taliban
12
The United States, Saudi Arabia, and the War on
Yemen
13 Avoiding a War with Iran
Conclusion
Notes

INTRODUCTION
If you’re not careful, the newspapers will have you hating
the people who are being oppressed, and loving the people
who are doing the oppressing.
—Malcolm X
I VISITED IRAN FOR THE FIRST time in July of 2017. Indeed,
quite ironically, I was in Iran for the Fourth of July. And, while
there were no ﬁreworks on that day to commemorate US
Independence Day, I assure the reader that I felt absolutely
no antipathy from the Iranian people, despite my being a
citizen of the nation which has been referred to by some
Iranians as the Great Satan. Rather, as I’m sure nearly every
American tourist in Iran can tell you, the Iranians have a
special aﬀection for Americans, and when strangers on the
street found out I was from the United States, they would
invariably smile, welcome me to their country, show oﬀ their
English if they were able to speak it, and enthusiastically
pose for a photo-op.
Like most people in the world, the people of Iran quite
readily, and maturely, distinguish individual Americans from
their government—a government which many Iranians do
have a problem with, and for very good reason.
Iran is actually a quite modern country with many
Western inﬂuences. Many people I met spoke some English,
some quite ﬂuently, and most signs were in both Farsi and
English. And, while nearly every woman wore some type of
head covering—a legal requirement in Iran, though
enforcement of the requirement has been relaxed by the
police in Tehran as of late—very few wear a burka which
covers their face.

Instead, most women (some of the most beautiful I have
seen anywhere) wear light, colorful silk scarves around their
heads, while wearing very modern clothes otherwise,
including, for example, blue jeans and high heels. Actually, I
found it quite amusing that nearly no women wore head
coverings at all on the ﬂight from Frankfurt, Germany, but
when the pilot announced our initial descent into Tehran,
nearly all the women put on their scarves in unison.
I think it is quite fair to say that women indeed fare better
in Iran than in nearly any other country in the Middle East,
and in many ways better than before the 1979 Islamic
Revolution. Thus, literacy for women is now over 80 percent
while it was around 25 percent in 1970; 90 percent of
women are enrolled in school, which is free for all even
through university; while about one-third of university
students were women before 1979, now women make up a
strong majority (65 to 70 percent) of university students;
and women participate in every ﬁeld of economic and social
life, including sports, ﬁlm, police, medicine, science,
business, and entertainment.¹
Women actually do better in Iran than in the United
States in a few key ways—for example, they are legally
entitled to ninety days maternity leave at two-thirds pay,²
whereas in the United States they have no entitlement to
maternity leave at all. Iran has an equal pay for equal work
requirement,³ a measure which the United States does not
have and indeed has opposed vigorously, most notably by
refusing to ratify international human rights instruments
which require this, especially the Convention on the
Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women
(CEDAW). It must be noted that the United States and Iran
share the distinction of being among the few countries

which are not parties to CEDAW, the others being Palau, The
Holy See, Somalia, Sudan, and Tonga.
Iranian women have an entitlement to employer-provided
child care centers whereas, again, they have no such right
in the United States.⁴
Some other fun facts are that Iran is one of the only
countries in the world that requires couples to take a class
on modern contraception before being issued a marriage
license. Iran also has the only state-sponsored condom
factory in the Middle East—the Keyhan Bod plant—which
produces seventy million condoms a year in various colors
and ﬂavors.⁵ In addition, there are more sex change
operations in Iran than any country in the world besides
Thailand.⁶
Since
2005,
when
the
much-maligned
Ahmadinejad was president, the government has been
providing grants of up to $4,500 for the operation, plus
further funding for hormone therapy.⁷
Meanwhile, the one big downside for me, a guy who
enjoys a glass or two of red wine in the evening, is that
alcohol is illegal in Iran. And so, while the airport and hotel
we stayed at (the former Tehran Hyatt) had bars, they did
not serve alcohol; only juice, coﬀee, and tea.
In addition, the airport, hotel, and nearly every building
we visited were adorned with giant framed photos of both
the infamous Ayatollah Khomeini, who I was taught to hate
and fear as a child, and the current Supreme Leader,
Ayatollah Khamenei, who certainly has a softer, kinder look
than his predecessor. I desperately wanted to take a selﬁe in
front of these pictures, but, for fear of oﬀending someone, I
never did.
I have read that, notwithstanding Iran’s dry law, many
Iranians have a private stock of liquor, and that Iranians

indeed compete very well with other nations, Russia
included, for alcohol consumption. I sat next to a German
petro-engineer on the plane to Tehran. He told me that he
often comes to Iran for work, and that he has gotten to
know some Iranians very well. He explained how he was at
an Iranian family’s home one evening for dinner, and they
asked him how he liked their food. He responded, “It is
wonderful, but I am from Germany; it would go down much
better with a glass of beer.” And then, from seemingly out of
nowhere, bottles of Heineken and other spirits appeared on
the table. Apparently, this is a typical happening, but not
knowing anyone very well in Iran, I did not have such an
experience.
Even stone cold sober, however, I loved Iran. The people
are friendly and famously hospitable. Indeed, I was almost
embarrassed by the hospitality. My hosts, from the
University of Tehran which had invited several of us from the
States to speak there, were constantly making sure that we
had enough to eat and drink, and that we always had a
place to rest, even in the middle of the day. The Iranians
that accompanied us would often disappear themselves in
the early afternoon, and we later learned that they were
going to the nearest prayer room—not to pray, however, but
to sleep on the ﬂoor.
Iranians would consider it an act of barbarity to make us
take a cab to or from the airport, as opposed to being
personally driven. In contrast, I can’t remember the last
time someone personally took me or picked me up at the
airport back home in Pittsburgh.
At the mosques, moreover, it was quite common for
people to give visitors, such as myself, oﬀerings of food,
such as homemade candies. At the ﬁrst mosque we visited

in Tehran—the Imamzadeh-Saleh Mosque—our guide
pointed out the burial places of four of the nuclear scientists
assassinated by Israel, quite possibly with the help of the
terrorist group known as the MEK. These scientists are
considered martyrs, a very big honor in the Shia religious
tradition.
Of course, there are many dazzling and breathtaking
antiquities to gaze at in Iran. I was very fortunate because
the University of Tehran generously oﬀered to ﬂy a couple of
us to the ancient city of Esfahan (also spelled “Isfahan”)
which is a one-hour ﬂight south of Tehran.
In Esfahan, we spent a day walking through the Imam
Square (also known as Meidan Emam or Naghsh-e Jahan),
truly a sight to behold. Imam Square is one of over twenty
UNESCO-designated world heritage sites in Iran. This is
UNESCO’s description of the Square:
The Meidan Emam is a public urban square in the centre of
Esfahan, a city located on the main north-south and eastwest routes crossing central Iran. It is one of the largest city
squares in the world and an outstanding example of Iranian
and Islamic architecture. Built by the Safavid shah Abbas I in
the early 17th century, the square is bordered by two-storey
arcades and anchored on each side by four magniﬁcent
buildings: to the east, the Sheikh Lotfallah Mosque; to the
west, the pavilion of Ali Qapu; to the north, the portico of
Qeyssariyeh; and to the south, the celebrated Royal
Mosque. A homogenous urban ensemble built according to a
unique, coherent, and harmonious plan, the Meidan Emam
was the heart of the Safavid capital and is an exceptional
urban realization.
Also known as Naghsh-e Jahan (“Image of the World”),
and formerly as Meidan-e Shah, Meidan Emam is not typical

of urban ensembles in Iran, where cities are usually tightly
laid out without sizeable open spaces. Esfahan’s public
square, by contrast, is immense: 560 m long by 160 m wide,
it covers almost 9 ha [i.e., 24.3 acres]. All of the
architectural elements that delineate the square, including
its arcades of shops, are aesthetically remarkable, adorned
with a profusion of enameled ceramic tiles and paintings.⁸
Sadly, as UNESCO laments, the Imam Square is being
threatened by the most relentless of forces—time—and
Iran’s inability to keep up maintenance of the ancient
structures. The Western sanctions against Iran only curtail
Iran’s ability to maintain such treasures. However, I did
notice while in Esfahan that at least some of the buildings
were covered with scaﬀolding and under repair.
As I witnessed, this Square is teeming with activity, with
people picnicking, playing music, shopping, or sitting to
enjoy some ice cream on what is almost invariably a hot,
sunny day. I myself spent the day in the Square taking
numerous photos, particularly of the people there, and they
seemed excited about how much I appreciated them and
their country.
When one is in Esfahan, one must visit the amazing
bazaars which help to form Imam Square, and we of course
did just that. While I was at one of the bazaars, I was invited
to drink espresso in a Persian carpet dealer’s store while the
ring I was buying as a souvenir (a silver ring with a black
opal and with the word “Ali” in Farsi carved beautifully into
both sides) was being ﬁtted for me by the vendor’s son.
The vendor, known as a bazaari, immediately started
taking out rugs, unrolling them, and telling us of the history
of each one. Some of the rugs, though they looked brand
new, were a hundred years old or more. The craftsmanship

put into these, probably the most famous type of rug in the
world, is awe-inspiring. In the end, the bazaari’s hospitality
paid oﬀ, as my American companion bought a rug from him,
and I purchased an incredible backpack which looked like it
was made from a Persian rug.
This bazaari, I must note, was the only one I met in Iran
who could process a credit card. Somehow, he managed to
have cards processed through Dubai. Because of the
Western sanctions against Iran, US credit and ATM cards do
not otherwise work in Iran, making a tourist trip to that
country quite challenging for an American.
Another interesting consequence of the Western isolation
of Iran is that international copyright and trademark laws
are not honored there. And so, for example, there were a
number of knock-oﬀ businesses which passed themselves
oﬀ as American chains, such as Starbucks and Kentucky
Fried Chicken, though they usually were named just slightly
diﬀerently. The KFC I saw, complete with a picture of Colonel
Sanders, was named ZFC, though no one could tell me what
the “Z” stands for.
While in Esfahan, we also visited the famous Monar
Jonban, literally, “Shaking Minarets,” a monument built in
the 1300s to cover the grave of Amu Abdollah Soqla, a
Muslim hermit. The monument’s two tall minarets are
spring-loaded and built to shake so that they can withstand
an earthquake. Several times a day, the minarets are
shaken manually to the sound of music as bystanders look
on and applaud.
Iran, and Esfahan in particular, while known primarily for
their spectacular Islamic architecture, also have amazing
architecture from other religions and cultures. For example,
there are a number of beautiful Armenian Christian churches

—one that I visited in Esfahan is still a functioning place of
worship and has an exhibit memorializing the Armenian
genocide. I was also able to visit the ancient Zoroastrian Fire
Temple, Atashgah, which looks like a giant sand castle on a
hill.
And, one might be surprised to hear that I also visited a
functioning synagogue in Esfahan (once called “Dar-AlYahud,” or, “House of the Jews”). I went looking for the
synagogue after seeing a shopkeeper in a bazaar wearing a
yarmulke. Iran is actually home to twenty-ﬁve thousand
Jews—the second largest Jewish population in the Middle
East outside of Israel. And, in addition to synagogues,
Esfahan is also home to a two-thousand-year-old Jewish
cemetery as well as Jewish mausoleums.
Iranians are indeed proud of the fact that the famous
Persian Emperor in Persepolis, Cyrus the Great, upon
conquering Babylon, “freed the Jews who had been held
there in slavery, returned them to Jerusalem and gave them
resources to rebuild their temple.”⁹
The director of Tehran’s Jewish Committee, Siamak
Morsadegh, recently gave an interview in which he
described the experience of Jews in modern Iran, and
dispelled a number of myths about Iran in the process:¹⁰
It’s a lot better than many people think. Jews are a
recognized minority here, so we can practice our religion
freely. We have more than 20 working synagogues in Tehran
and at least ﬁve kosher butcheries. In some European
countries that is not allowed because of animal rights. In
Iran, it is.
Generally speaking, the Jews’ condition in Iran has always
been better than in Europe. In our country’s history, there

was never a time when all Iranians had the same religion,
race or language, so there is a high degree of tolerance.
Jews and Muslims respect each other, but at the same time,
we know there are diﬀerences.
The hospital I work in is a Jewish hospital, for example,
but more than 95 percent of both our personnel and
patients is Muslim. It’s strictly forbidden to ask about
religion there because the most important verse of Torah,
which is written on top of the hospital, says: “Treat other
people like yourself.” It does not say “other Jews,” it says
“other people.” It shows that we have a practical
relationship with each other and cooperate to make the
world a better place.
But I am Iranian—I pray in Hebrew and I can speak in
English, but I can only think in Persian. In my opinion there
is a big diﬀerence between nationality and religion; they are
not in opposition to each other. Going abroad—and
especially going to Israel—is not an option for me, because I
think the idea that Jews have to live in one special place in
the world is rooted in the idea that we are diﬀerent from
other people. But I think we are equal.
In the same interview, Siamak Morsadegh addressed headon some of the inﬂammatory statements made by Iranian
President Ahmadinejad about the Holocaust and Israel:
We did not agree with President Ahmadinejad, and we told
him so. He did not directly deny the Holocaust, he
questioned it—but I do not even accept questioning it. It
doesn’t make sense to question things that are completely
clear and accepted all around the world.
But that did not disturb our day-to-day life. The ﬁnancial
help for our Jewish hospital by the government, for example,

started during Ahmadinejad’s presidency. He was anti-Israel,
not anti-Semitic. Iran’s general policy is not changed by its
presidents anyway. The main policymaker is Supreme
Leader [Ayatollah Ali Khamenei], and the main framework is
the constitution.
These are not mere idle words, either, for the proof is in the
pudding. As journalist Jonathan Cook explains, the relative
success of Jews in Iran “and their repeated refusal to leave,
despite ﬁnancial incentives oﬀered by Israel and American
Jewish groups for them to emigrate, have proved an
enduring embarrassment to those claiming that the Iranian
regime is driven by genocidal anti-Semitism.”¹¹
In truth, Iran is proud of the pluralistic nature of its
society and its tolerance of many faiths. Indeed, as the
United States has itself recognized for a long time, as
evidenced in a December 27, 1978, Conﬁdential Country
Team Report drafted by the US Embassy in Tehran: “The
Shi’a sect of Islam predominates in Iran but the country has
had a long history of religious toleration which has allowed
such religious minorities as Christians, Jews, Zoroastrians
and members of the Baha’i sect to practice their beliefs
openly and to participate fully in public life.”¹²
One might be surprised to learn that, to this very day, the
biggest holiday in Iran is not in fact Islamic but is indeed the
three-thousand-year-old Zoroastrian New Year’s Day
celebration known as Nowruz (New Day).¹³ Iran as a nation
existed, in fact, for over two millennia before Islam ever
came into being.¹⁴ And, Iran’s language, Farsi, is more like
French and Swedish than Arabic, the Iranian people being
distinctly and proudly non-Arabs.¹⁵
I often thought to myself during my stay in Iran that,
despite Iran being invaded multiple times over its long

history, including by the Mongols who actually left much of
the architecture intact, the ancient buildings I gazed at were
still there because the United States had yet to invade it.
The other countries in the region that have been “graced”
by the US military in recent years, such as Iraq, Afghanistan,
and Libya, now lay in ruins, possibly never to be rebuilt
again.
As one example, just this morning, I heard an NPR story
about Mosul, Iraq, where the United States ﬁnished a very
brutal operation over seven months ago. They interviewed
an Iraqi who complained that he still cannot return to his
home because it still contains the bones of the ISIS ﬁghters
killed in the battle, that the roads have yet to be cleared,
and the 150,000 homes or so destroyed in the battle have
yet to be rebuilt.¹⁶
NPR quoted former Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who
just shrugged it oﬀ by saying that the United States—which
had opened up Pandora’s Box in Iraq to begin with by its
2003 invasion—does not engage in nation-building anymore
(if it ever really did), and that the Gulf countries should help
with the rebuilding.¹⁷ Commenting on this, Jeﬀrey St. Claire
of CounterPunch quipped, “So much for the Pottery Barn
Rule. It’s back to the Tacitus Rule: ‘We made wasteland and
called it peace.’ ”¹⁸
Meanwhile, many Iranians mistook me for being Persian
before I opened my mouth and spoke English, and they
seemed overjoyed to meet an American who looked like
them. My new friend Ali (it seemed to me that nearly every
man in Iran is named either Ali or Mohammad), a young
man who served as our interpreter, was quite amused by
this. Ali is both a die-hard supporter of the Islamic Republic
as well as one of the sweetest people I’ve ever met. He

turned to me once, cupping my face in his hands, and said,
“You have such a kind face; you look like the men who
volunteered to ﬁght against Saddam Hussein.”
Ali was referring, of course, to the brutal war between
Iran and Iraq in which thousands of Iranian volunteers (the
Baseeji, or Popular Mobilization Army) went to the front lines
to supplement the ﬂedging revolutionary military and to
confront the Iraqi invaders with “human wave” attacks.¹⁹
These “human wave” attacks were quite successful until
Iraq came up with the brilliant plan to counter them with
chemical weapons, of course bought from Germany and the
United States.
Saddam Hussein preemptively launched this war, with
great encouragement from the United States and the rest of
the West, to try to overturn the Islamic government which
had just come to power and to annex land from Iran given
up in the 1975 Algiers Agreement. The war, known then as
the Gulf War until the United States appropriated that name
for its 1991 invasion of Iraq,²⁰ lasted from 1980 to 1988,
with the United States at times, and quite cynically,
supporting both sides of the armed conﬂict.
On the ﬁrst evening of our visit to Esfahan, Ali
accompanied us across one of the eleven spectacular stone
bridges that, at that moment, crossed the completely dry
Zayandeh River. Five of the eleven bridges, including the
one we crossed, are over four hundred years old. When
there is a big rain, the bank then ﬁlls up with the Zayandeh.
Sadly, Iran these days is frequently battling drought, so we
never witnessed this. However, we did hear the frogs, at
least a reminder of the river, croaking at the moonlight.
These bridges are truly a sight to behold. The one we
crossed is called the Si-o-Seh Bridge, built in 1602, and is

known as the “Bridge of 33 Arches.” These arches are lit up
yellowish orange at night. The glow from the arches is quite
magical. People of all ages, including babies being pushed in
strollers, traverse these bridges into the wee hours. As Ali
noted, “It is safe here. Even women can go out alone at
night without worry.”
Ali was so proud to show me his country, including the
Revolutionary Guard who manned the security at the
airport. A devotee of American cinema, Ali said, as we
approached security, “You will see the Revolutionary Guard
with their green uniforms and thick beards just as the ones
depicted in the movie Argo” (the ﬁlm about the American
hostage-taking which won Best Picture at the Academy
Awards), “but you will see that they are very nice.”
I asked Ali how he liked the movie Argo, which obviously
depicts the Americans as the good guys. He said, with a
smile on his face, “I hated it, of course; I am Iranian.”
***
While at age eleven I was not aware of the February 1979
Islamic Revolution which overthrew the Shah of Iran, I was
quite aware, as anyone my age and older, of the taking of
the American hostages in the US Embassy in Tehran which
followed soon thereafter and which lasted for 444 days. I
remember the rage we as Americans collectively felt as we
saw the tally of the days these hostages were held tick
upwards every evening on the nightly news. And, our rage
was focused on the personiﬁcation of the revolutionary
government of Iran at that time—the Ayatollah Khomeini—
who was also portrayed as the personiﬁcation of evil itself.
I also recall vividly the failed attempt by Jimmy Carter to
rescue the hostages, and then the joy I felt when the

hostages were ﬁnally released within mere minutes of
Ronald Reagan’s inauguration as President. Growing up in a
ﬁrmly Republican household, I believed that this series of
events demonstrated the incompetence and weakness of
Carter on the one hand, and the omnipotence of Reagan on
the other, as the mere swearing-in of the tough-talking and
resolute Reagan appeared to have frightened the Iranians
into releasing the hostages.
The viliﬁcation of Khomeini and Iran was, and continues
to be, made easy by the omission of many salient facts in
the prevailing, and quite one-sided, narrative of the USIranian saga. And, the story of the apparent incompetence
of Carter versus the apparent superhero quality of Reagan
also unravels upon close inspection of facts which are rarely
discussed in polite company, if known at all.
Such things are never taught in high school, and certainly
not mine, a Catholic school in Cincinnati whose powerhouse
football team (on which I played) was dubbed “The Holy
Crusaders,” after the Christian knights sent to invade,
conquer, and pillage the Muslim world in the name of Jesus
Christ.
I only became aware of such facts in college, and even
then, not in any classroom. Rather, I learned of such things,
which I discuss in this book, when my college friends and I
began delving into the crimes of the CIA and US
imperialism. I then became aware that Iran has been more
of the victim of unjust US policies than the other way
around, and that the fear and rage some Iranians expressed
in the hostage-taking was rooted in very real grievances
growing out of the US-backed coup against their
democratically-elected prime minister in 1953, the United
States’ installing of the murderous Shah (or king) in his

stead, and the United States’ support for the Shah and his
torture state until the bitter end which only came about in
1979 with the Islamic Revolution.
And, the twisted nature of the US-Iranian relationship did
not end there. Indeed, what none of the US public knew at
the time the hostages were being held, and which few even
know today, is that Reagan, far from playing the hero in this
story, acted the part of a conniving villain. Indeed, Reagan,
with the help of the CIA and Israel’s Mossad, went behind
Jimmy Carter’s back and derailed his eﬀorts to free the
hostages in order to greatly improve his chances of
becoming president. And, the seemingly miraculous timing
of the freeing of the hostages within ﬁve minutes of
Reagan’s inauguration turned out to be the product, not of
Reagan’s greatness, but of his dirty deal with the hostagetakers to hold the hostages until after he was safely in
oﬃce. In a very real way, then, Reagan himself became the
captor of these hostages in their ﬁnal months of captivity.
Reagan would then go on to encourage Saddam Hussein,
then the United States’ close friend, to lead Iraq into
invading Iran in 1980 in order to try to overturn the Iranian
Revolution. This deadly war, which lasted until 1988,
resulted in the deaths of around one million people, and
included Saddam’s gassing of Iranians, and Kurds as well,
with US knowledge and acquiescence. To make matters
even worse, Reagan at one point helped arm Iran during the
war, even as he was aiding Iraq, in order to obtain needed
cash to fund the Nicaraguan Contras—a terrorist group
which Congress had stopped funding because of their
abysmal human rights record—and in order to weaken both
Iran and Iraq as powers in the Middle East.

Once I learned this tragic history, I lost all of the
antipathy I felt towards Iran as a child. Instead, I felt only
love and empathy for the people of Iran who I came to
understand have suﬀered much more at our hands than we
at theirs. And, watching the United States go from one
destructive war to the next, invariably justifying each war on
the basis of claims which quickly turned out to be lies, I
decided that I could not stand silently by as the United
States stumbled into another war with a beautiful country
which not only deserves our respect, but which deserves a
long-awaited apology for what our nation has done to it and
its people.

1
TARGET: IRAN
We’re going to take out seven countries in ﬁve years,
starting with Iraq, and then Syria, Lebanon, Libya, Somalia,
Sudan and, ﬁnishing oﬀ, Iran.
—US General Wesley Clark, former Supreme Commander of
NATO¹
THE DRUMS OF WAR ARE BEATING yet again. As they often
have for the past thirty-plus years, they are beating in this
country for a war with Iran. I have written this book in an
attempt to stop such a war—a war which I believe would not
only be unjust, illegal, and immoral, but which would be
truly devastating for both Iran and the United States, and,
indeed, for the entire world.
By many accounts, the United States, and its close ally
Israel, have been preparing for a war with Iran for well over
a decade now. As veteran journalists such as Seymour Hersh
and Jonathan Cook have documented, the Bush
Administration was keen on a military attack against Iran in
2005.² It appears that Bush began concrete preparations for
such an attack in 2006. According to Seymour Hersh, by the
spring of 2006, the White House had increased clandestine
activities inside Iran and intensiﬁed planning for a possible
major air attack. Current and former American military and
intelligence oﬃcials said that Air Force planning groups are
drawing up lists of targets, and teams of American combat
troops have been ordered into Iran, under cover, to collect

targeting data and to establish
government ethnic-minority groups.³

contact

with

anti-

Plans were even being made for tactical nuclear weapons
strikes against various targets in Iran.
According to such accounts, Israel’s 2006 assault upon
Hezbollah in Southern Lebanon was the opening salvo
against Iran (Hezbollah being a critical ally of Iran in striking
distance of Israel).
However, the strong resistance which Hezbollah put up
against Israel’s four-week assault, combined with the
equally strong resistance of the Iraqi people after the 2003
invasion—an invasion which Secretary of State Donald
Rumsfeld promised would end quickly with a modest
military force—necessitated a delay in an attack upon Iran.
However, the goal for such an attack has never been
removed from the table.
Indeed, while many viewed President Obama’s 2015
“nuclear deal” with Iran as a move towards peace with that
country, there are good arguments for the proposition that
this deal (formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of
Action, or JCPOA) was always a Trojan Horse. And so, when
President Trump stated that this deal was the “worst ever,”
he was right, though not in the way he meant—in reality, it
was the “worst ever” for Iran, and was always intended to
be so.
The general outline of the nuclear deal was that, in return
for the lifting of UN sanctions which were ostensibly
imposed in response to Iran’s nuclear enrichment program,
Iran would give up this program. Iran was desperate for the
lifting of these sanctions, which severely undermined its
economy, and which made further investment in muchneeded social programs impossible. For its part, the United

States claimed it wanted the deal to end any attempt by
Iran to build nuclear weapons, though the United States’
own National Intelligence Estimate concluded that Iran did
not have such intention, and in any case was years away
from having nuclear weapons capability.
At the same time, as learned the hard way by Libya,
which had given up its nuclear ambitions to placate the
West only to be invaded shortly thereafter, and as proven by
North Korea whose nukes brought Trump to the bargaining
table, the only way a weaker state can protect itself against
the United States is to have a nuclear deterrent. Indeed, as
Israel’s leading military historian, Martin Van Creveld, has
opined, Iran would be insane if it were not trying to develop
nuclear weapons. Thus, according to Creveld:
Even if the Iranians are working on a bomb, Israel may not
be their real concern. Iran is now surrounded by American
forces on all sides—in the Central Asian republics to the
north, Afghanistan to the east, the Gulf to the south and Iraq
to the West … Wherever U.S. forces go, nuclear weapons go
with them or can be made to follow in short order. The world
has witnessed how the United States attacked Iraq for, as it
turned out, no reason at all. Had the Iranians not tried to
build nuclear weapons, they would be crazy.⁴
Iran, not so much crazy, but desperate for the end of
sanctions, agreed to give up its nuclear ambitions, even
those related to pressing energy concerns.
The United States, however, was motivated to end Iran’s
nuclear ambitions for the precise purpose of leaving Iran
vulnerable to attack, just as Creveld explained it would be
without a nuclear deterrent. But there was another way in

which the nuclear deal would set Iran up for invasion, one
which is not so apparent.
As geopolitical researcher Tony Cartalucci explains, the
bad faith of the United States in signing the nuclear deal is
evidenced by its actions in engaging in proxy wars against
Iran—in Syria, Lebanon, and in Iran itself through terrorist
groups—even as it was signing on the dotted line.⁵
Cartalucci writes that, “[a]ccording to years of US policy
papers, dismantling Iran’s allies in Syria and Lebanon were
crucial prerequisites toward eventually undermining and
overthrowing the government and political order in Iran
itself.”
But there is even further proof of the United States’
duplicity beyond this—the words of a key policy paper
written years before the United States entered into the
nuclear deal. As Cartalucci relates,
Beyond US policymakers openly conspiring to weaken or
altogether dismantle Iran’s regional allies before setting
upon Iran directly, years before the JCPOA was signed, US
policymakers pledged to propose then intentionally betray a
“superb oﬀer” to help portray Iran rather than the United
States as both an irrational threat to global security and a
nation bent on acquiring nuclear weapons for the “wrong
reasons.”
The 2009 Brookings Institution report “Which Path to
Persia?” explicitly described this ploy, stating:
… any military operation against Iran will likely be
very unpopular around the world and require the
proper international context—both to ensure the
logistical support the operation would require and to
minimize the blowback from it. The best way to minimize

international opprobrium and maximize support
(however grudging or covert) is to strike only when
there is a widespread conviction that the Iranians
were given but then rejected a superb oﬀer—one so
good that only a regime determined to acquire
nuclear weapons and acquire them for the wrong
reasons would turn it down. Under those circumstances,
the United States (or Israel) could portray its
operations as taken in sorrow, not anger, and at least
some in the international community would conclude
that the Iranians “brought it on themselves” by
refusing a very good deal.⁶ (emphasis in original)
Cartalucci further relates that “shortly before US President
Barack Obama ended his second term in oﬃce, preparations
were already underway to backtrack on the Iran deal. With
US President Donald Trump now presiding over US foreign
policy, the US is preparing to either entirely withdraw from
the deal or rewrite its conditions in such a fashion that Iran
will be unable to accept it.”
In other words, Trump’s current threats to undo the
nuclear deal—threats which many properly view as a
prelude to war—can be seen as a continuation of Obama’s
plans against Iran, just as Obama’s plans were a
continuation of Bush’s. Indeed, while few in this country are
willing to admit it, there is an undeniable continuity in the
foreign policy practices of US presidents, whether they be
Republicans or Democrats.
Quite possibly, this is because there are greater forces at
work than our elected oﬃcials, such as the military
industrial complex that President Eisenhower warned us of
back in the 1950s, which deﬁnes our nation’s international
trajectory. And, as we shall see, the United States’ treachery

against Iran can indeed be traced as far back as the
Eisenhower Administration.
As I learned while in Iran, the current Supreme Leader of
Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, was always against negotiating
with Obama over the nuclear deal, believing that the United
States is not a reliable bargaining partner. Of course, the
Ayatollah had good reason to doubt the United States’
sincerity in bargaining, given that its track record has been
pretty bad, even hearkening back in colonial times when
European settlers in the New World made deals with the
Native Americans which they then turned around and
reneged on even before the ink on the deal was dry.
And, in the classic US tradition of projecting our own
worst characteristics upon others, the settlers added insult
to injury by referring to those who do not keep their word as
“Indian givers,”⁷ when in fact they should be called “Settler
givers” or “White givers.” This type of projection is also seen
in the United States’ current accusations against others,
such as Iran itself, as being state sponsors of terrorism
when, as we shall shortly see, it is the United States which is
the greatest sponsor of terror in the world.
Of course, a more apt example of such “Settler giving”
was Obama’s dealings with Libya’s Muammar Gaddaﬁ,
prevailing upon Gaddaﬁ to give up Libya’s nuclear ambitions
and seemingly welcoming Gaddaﬁ back into the community
of nations, only to invade his country, topple his
government, and aid and abet Gaddaﬁ’s brutal murder a
short time thereafter.
In any case, because the Iranian president, Hassan
Rouhani, wanted the deal so badly to be able to make good
on massive social spending he had promised Iranians,
Khamenei told him to go ahead with talks. In the end,

Khamenei, in his substantial wisdom, was correct in his
misgivings. But given the potential tragic consequences of
being proven right, there is little for Khamenei to gloat
about.

2
THE WEST’S NOT-SO-CREATIVE
DESTRUCTION OF THE MIDDLE EAST
Creative destruction is our middle name, both within our
society and abroad. We tear down the old order every day,
from business to science, literature, art, architecture, and
cinema to politics and the law. Our enemies have always
hated this whirlwind of energy and creativity, which
menaces their traditions (whatever they may be) and
shames them for the inability to keep pace. Seeing America
undo traditional societies, they fear us, for they do not wish
to be undone. … We must destroy them to advance our
historic mission.
—Michael Ledeen, US Neo-Con¹
UNLIKE MANY IN THIS COUNTRY, I simply do not view Iran as
a menace—neither to its neighbors, nor as a threat to us in
any way. To the contrary, I see Iran as a country which is
itself under existential threat and with much to fear, and
Iran surely sees itself as a country under attack from all
sides. One need only look at a map to see why this is so.
Iran, known as Persia until WWII, is a country about the
size of Alaska, and with about eighty million people. It
borders many nations, nearly all of which it views to be
hostile. It is bordered by Iraq, Turkey, Afghanistan,
Turkmenistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Pakistan, the Caspian
Sea to the north, and the Persian Gulf to the south, with
Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain, United Arab Emirates, Qatar,
and Oman lying just across the Persian Gulf.

And, unlike most of its neighbors which have changed
their identity and borders numerous times—or, more to the
point, have had their borders changed for them—Iran has,
despite being invaded on many occasions, remained a
single, uniﬁed nation since 2500 BCE. As a consequence,
Iran is “one of the more socially cohesive societies in the
Middle East.”²
For his part, writer Stephen Kinzer explains:
Many countries in the Middle East are artiﬁcial creations.
European colonialists drew their national borders in the
nineteenth or twentieth century, often with little regard for
local history and tradition, and their leaders have had to
concoct outlandish myths in order to give citizens a sense of
nationhood. Just the opposite is true of Iran. This is one of
the world’s oldest nations, heir to a tradition that reaches
back thousands of years, to periods when great conquerors
extended their rule across continents, poets and artists
created works of exquisite beauty, and one of the world’s
extraordinary religious traditions took root and ﬂowered.³
Sadly, Iran’s ancient and proud history is often forgotten, or
intentionally disregarded by the great powers, which have
seen Iran only for its geo-political importance and its
greatest resource—oil. During the Cold War, for example,
when Iran bordered the southern part of the Soviet Union, it
was viewed, especially by US foreign policy leaders, as a key
chess piece in the struggle between the United States and
the USSR.
With the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, and the
consequent weakening of Russia as a world power, the
United States has been committed to maintaining a unipolar
world in which it is the one superpower. This doctrine was

best expressed by President George H.W. Bush in his January
29, 1991, State of the Union Address in which he famously
announced the construction of a “New World Order” which
would be led by the United States—a nation he and other US
presidents (e.g., Obama in his parting words to Trump)
described as “indispensable.” Bush stated, “The United
States bears a major share of leadership in this eﬀort.
Among the nations of the world, only the United States of
America has both the moral standing and the means to back
it up. We’re the only nation on this Earth that could
assemble the forces of peace. This is the burden of
leadership and the strength that has made America the
beacon of freedom in a searching world.”⁴
As author and political commentator Stephen Gowans
explains,
The implication of Bush’s New World Order was that the
planet would be divided between nations destined to be
dominated and one nation, the United States, which would
dominate. Only the United States would have the right to
independence, and the Pentagon, CIA, and US state and
treasury departments would exercise leadership over the
aﬀairs of other countries. The expression of Bush’s
declaration of US world leadership can be seen in the words
of a Pentagon spokesman, Rear Admiral John Kirby, who, in
2015, declared that the United States retains the “right,”
the “responsibility,” and “the resources” to intervene in any
country unilaterally to achieve US foreign policy goals.⁵
The announcement of this “New World Order,” combined
with the United States’ ﬁrst invasion of Iraq in 1990-1991,
changed Iran’s perception of its security in its region of the
world and its relationship with Israel, which had been largely

cooperative up to that point, despite the rhetoric of both
countries against the other.⁶ In short, Iran decided that it
had to aggressively protect its existence and interests in the
Middle East in light of what it reasonably saw as the USIsraeli goal of remaking the region.⁷ As we would see time
and time again, the United States’ own actions would
unnecessarily provoke Iran and turn a potential and willing
friend into an adversary.
In addition, with Russia’s demise as a world power and
Iraq’s demise as a regional power after successive US
invasions, Iran has emerged once more as a regional power
of its own—a power which the United States and the West
are obsessed with containing as a threat to the “New World
Order.” And the United States in particular has used ever
more desperate and devilish means to try to do this.
Meanwhile, it is Iran’s unbroken history and powerful
traditions which make it the great nation it is, and which
makes it so important to the Middle East and to all of
humanity. Indeed, Iran is a critical civilizing inﬂuence in the
world, if for no other reason than that it is intent upon
preserving the culture and history within its borders and
within its region of the world—a region which is indeed
known as the “cradle of civilization,” having given birth to
Christianity, Judaism, Islam, and agriculture.
The United States, on the other hand, though seeing itself
as the protector of civilization, is destroying this region of
the world, seemingly with intent. As just one example, Iran
watched in 2003 as its neighbor Iraq—through which run
both the Tigris and Euphrates rivers and thus where the
Garden of Eden might have been—was invaded by the
United States and its coalition partners, suﬀering the worst
destruction it ever had since the Mongol invasion of 1258

led by Genghis Khan. And Iranians are painfully aware that
the United States is intent on doing the very same to their
country.
The United States has made it clear, certainly since
President George W. Bush named Iran as part of the “Axis of
Evil” in his 2002 State of the Union Address, that it is intent
on militarily attacking Iran. In the meantime, the United
States has been trying to weaken Iran through a
combination of diplomatic isolation, economic warfare,
sanctions, support for anti-government groups in Iran, and
support of terrorism in nearby countries and in Iran itself.
And so, beginning in late 2017, there were substantial
anti-government demonstrations in Iran, which President
Trump immediately seized upon as a sign that the people of
Iran were ready to overthrow their government in the
interest of freedom, and Trump and others certainly
encouraged them to do so. Never mind that in a recent poll
by the Center for International and Security Studies at
Maryland only 0.3 percent of Iranians ranked “lack of civil
liberties” in their country as their number one concern,
whereas 40.1 percent listed unemployment, 12.5 percent
listed inﬂation and high cost of living, 9.4 percent listed
youth umemployment, and 6.9 percent listed low incomes.⁸
In other words, by far the biggest concern Iranians have
is with their economy, and, to the extent the US press was
honest about this fact, nearly none explained how the West
is largely behind Iran’s economic woes.
One source which discussed this was the Independent of
London, which, in an August 9, 2017, article explained how
in early 2014 “Saudi Arabia launched this oil price war in
tandem with the U.S.,” with the “main goal of crushing
Russian and Iranian power and inﬂuence.”⁹ The story goes

on to explain, by the way, how Venezuela became collateral
damage of this war, much to the joy of the United States, of
course.
As the Independent relates, Saudi Arabia ran this play
successfully against Iran in the late 1970s. Thus, “Back in
1977, when Iran was planning extensive nuclear power
plants [by the way, with the approval and support of the
United States] and envisaging the spread of its inﬂuence
throughout the Middle East, the Saudi regime swamped the
markets, expanding oil production from 8 million to almost
12 million barrels a day, sharply cutting the oil prices. Iran
watched billions of dollars in anticipated oil revenues
vanish, and the Shah was forced to abandon his plans for
nuclear investment. Manufacturing collapsed, inﬂation
skyrocketed, unemployment rose steeply—and before long
economic troubles had destroyed all support for the Iranian
monarchy.”
While the Independent does not go into this, it must be
said that the United States supported Saudi Arabia’s oil war
in 1977 for the same reason it supports it today—to
undermine Russia, back then the USSR, of course. And, this
oil war would help to fatally undermine the USSR as well.
The Independent explains how Saudi Arabia pushed world
oil production from a steady eighty million barrels a day to
around ninety-seven million barrels by late 2015 in a repeat
of its war against Iran.
With the current US economic sanctions added to this oil
war, Iran and its people have suﬀered greatly and will
continue to, but this is all according to plan, with the hope
being that the people will suﬀer enough to support another
regime change. Yes, this is a cruel policy—indeed an act of
economic terrorism in that it constitutes the intentional

inﬂiction of injury against the civilian population to bring
about a desired political end—but it is par for the course for
the United States. And, as we shall see, the United States
ran this play quite successfully in toppling Iran’s ﬁrst
democratic leader in the 1950s.
Commentator Vijay Prashad is one of the few journalists
to link US sanctions and the US-Saudi oil war to the recent
protests in Iran.¹⁰ As he explains, the recent protests are
diﬀerent than those of the Green Movement in 2009, which
were more about demands for political reforms and
liberalization—protests which were successful in bringing
about the reform presidency of Hassan Rouhani who was
recently re-elected. As Prashad notes, Rouhani has eased
“social sanctions” in Iran, where women now “openly sit in
public without the veil,” and Rouhani’s secretary of the
National Security Council announced that “restrictions on
imprisoned reformist leaders would be lifted.”
Prashad explains that “the current wave of protests … is
an upsurge against the privations in Iran—unemployment
[which is nearly 13 percent overall and around 50 percent
for the youth], deprivation and hopelessness.” And, these
privations are the direct result of both the oil war and
Western sanctions against Iran which have never really
eased up, the nuclear deal with Iran notwithstanding.
As Prashad notes, Western sanctions against Iran—
ostensibly in response to Iran’s nuclear program—“cost Iran
more than $160 billion in oil revenues since 2012. The
penalty was borne by ordinary Iranians, who saw their
standard of living fall and their aspirations for the future
narrow.” And, while President Rouhani promised economic
improvements with the nuclear deal, “since the nuclear
deal, the handcuﬀs on Iran remain. The U.S.—under Trump—

tightened non-nuclear sanctions [in mid-2017]. Trump’s
belligerence towards Iran has stayed the hand of many
transnational ﬁrms that had earlier expressed interest in
making investments in Iran. Rouhani’s bet has not really
paid oﬀ. The 2015 nuclear deal … did not fully provide the
kind of relief needed for the Iranian population. Expectations
were raised, but little has been delivered.”
Indeed, when I was in Iran, a number of people
complained to me that while the Iranians have kept up their
side of the nuclear deal, going so far as to pour concrete
into their nuclear enrichment facilities, they have never
received the beneﬁts of the deal.
And, as I write these words, Trump has threatened to reimpose the nuclear sanctions against Iran in place prior to
the nuclear deal which Iran has unquestionably abided by.
Such a move will only increase the suﬀering of the Iranian
people, but that has never appeared to be of concern for the
powers that be in the United States.
In addition to the economic war, the United States has
also been involved in supporting terrorist groups against
Iran. The most notable such groups as the Mujahadeen eKhalq (“MEK” or “MKO”), a longtime nemesis of the Islamic
Republic and a group which the US State Department listed
as a terrorist group back in 1992. Indeed, it was Saddam
Hussein’s support for the MEK which was a basis for the
United States claiming that he was a state sponsor of
terrorism.¹¹
The United States’ connivance with the MEK has been
well known for some time. As Iranian scholar Trita Parsi
explains, the United States’ support for the MEK has been
“an open secret in Washington. In late May 2003, ABC News
reported that the Pentagon was calling for the overthrow of

the Iranian regime by “using all available points of pressure
on the Iranian regime, including backing armed Iranian
dissidents and employing the services of the Mujahadeen eKhalq.”¹²
The website Global Research cites Ray Takeyh, senior
fellow for the Council on Foreign Relations—the most
inﬂuential US foreign policy think tank—for the proposition
that the MEK is a “cult-like organization” with “totalitarian
tendencies,” going so far as to hold “many members
against their will with the threat of death if ever they are
caught attempting to escape.”¹³
As Global Research further relates, “to this day MEK
terrorists have been carrying out attacks inside Iran killing
political opponents, attacking civilian targets, as well as
carrying out the U.S.-Israeli program of targeting and
assassinating Iranian scientists.” Indeed, when I was in Iran,
I was told that the Iranian government estimates that the
MEK has carried out terrorist attacks within Iran killing
around seventeen thousand people—that is, the equivalent
of nearly six 9/11’s in a country a quarter the size of the
United States.
MEK’s terrorist actions have not been limited to Iranian
targets, but have also been aimed at Americans:
MEK has carried out decades of brutal terrorist attacks,
assassinations, and espionage against the Iranian
government and its people, as well as targeting Americans
including the attempted kidnapping of U.S. Ambassador
Douglas MacArthur II, the attempted assassination of USAF
Brigadier General Harold Price, the successful assassination
of Colonel Paul Shaﬀer and Lieutenant Colonel Jack Turner,
and the successful ambush and killing of American Rockwell

employees William Cottrell, Donald Smith, and Robert
Krongard.¹⁴
The MEK is also accused by the US State Department of
having participated “in the 1979 takeover of the U.S.
Embassy in Tehran and later argued against the release of
the hostages.” Then, after leaving Iran and joining up with
Saddam Hussein in his war against Iran, the MEK took “part
in the bloody crackdown on Iraqi Shiites and Kurds who rose
up against Saddam Hussein’s regime at the end of the ﬁrst
Gulf War in 1991.”¹⁵
Given all of this, it may seem surprising that the MEK was
de-listed as a terrorist organization by the Obama
Administration in 2012. Again, consider this when assessing
Obama’s sincerity in later agreeing to the nuclear deal with
Iran. As Tony Cartalucci notes, de-listing a still-active
terrorist group which targets Iran shortly before signing
what appears to be a peace deal with Iran seems suspicious
at best.¹⁶
Far from being treated as the brutal terrorist group it is,
the MEK has now been given the stamp of approval by the
United States. For example, John Bolton, former US
Ambassador to the UN under George W. Bush and now
President Trump’s national security adviser, addressed the
MEK conference in Paris, France, in July 2017 when I
happened to be in Iran. At this conference, Bolton made it
clear that he backed the MEK and that he said expressly
that Trump must work toward regime change in Iran so that
the Islamic Republic would not reach its fortieth birthday (in
February 2019). Bolton has indeed been openly calling for
war with Iran for some time, and he now holds a critical
position in the Trump Administration from which he could
start it.

And sadly, as the American Conservative magazine noted
in 2015,¹⁷ “Bolton is hardly the only former oﬃcial, retired
oﬃcer, or ex-politician to do this [Rudi Giuliani, Newt
Gingrich, Democrat Howard Dean, former CIA directors
Porter Goss and James Woolsley, and former Homeland
Security Director Tom Ridge are others],¹⁸ but for the last
several years he has been a vocal cheerleader of the
Mujahideen-e Khalq cult (and ‘former’ terrorist group) and
its political organization. He has consistently misrepresented
a totalitarian cult as a ‘democratic’ Iranian opposition
group,” though it “has absolutely no support in its own
country in order to achieve regime change.”
And, of course, Bolton and others were aided in this eﬀort
by then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton who removed
them “from the terrorist list in 2012 after a campaign that
included both Democratic and Republican politicians, some
of whom received sizable fees to speak to the exile’s group
annual gatherings.”¹⁹ The MEK even has an oﬃce in
Washington, DC now.
This should not be too surprising given the United States’
support for other terrorist groups which have done even
greater harm around the world, including to US persons and
interests. And again, the United States has been supporting
these other terrorist groups largely to weaken Iran.
***
While those bent upon Iran’s demise often accuse it of being
a state sponsor of terrorism, and while recent US sanctions
on Iran are premised upon this claim, there is certainly no
evidence that Iran is supporting terrorism against the United
States. As Lawrence Wilkerson, former CIA analyst and top

National Security Council member under George W. Bush,
recently explained in an op-ed in the New York Times:
Today, the analysts claiming close ties between al-Qaeda
and Iran come from the Foundation for Defense of
Democracies, which vehemently opposes the Iran nuclear
deal and unabashedly calls for regime change in Iran.
It seems not to matter that 15 of the 19 hijackers on
Sept. 11 were Saudis and none were Iranians. Or that,
according to the United States intelligence community, of
the groups listed as actively hostile to the United States,
only one is loosely aﬃliated with Iran, and Hezbollah doesn’t
make the cut. More than ever the Foundation for Defense of
Democracies seems like the Pentagon’s Oﬃce of Special
Plans that pushed falsehoods in support of waging war with
Iraq.²⁰
Indeed, the claim that Iran is linked to al-Qaeda is
particularly galling given that Iran vigorously denounced the
9/11 attacks, is a sworn enemy of al-Qaeda, and indeed
helped the United States with the war on terror after 9/11.
But of course, nothing the United States has done in the
Middle East makes any sense in the context of a war on
terror or a rational response to 9/11.
Thus in 2003 the United States, claiming to be acting in
response to the 9/11 attacks, ﬁnally deposed Saddam
Hussein in the second US invasion of that country—though it
is clear that Hussein had nothing to do with the 9/11
attacks, and the United States was quite aware of this fact.
One of the quite predictable consequences of the ousting
of Saddam Hussein, who had imposed minority Sunni rule
over the majority Shiite population, was to bring a Shiite
government into power. This government, also not

surprisingly, then found a friend in neighboring Shiite Iran.
The United States then panicked at Iran’s resulting
ascendancy in the Middle East and aimed at doing
something to undo this.
What the United States did next was best explained by
Pulitzer-prize winning journalist Seymour Hersh in his March
5, 2007, article entitled “The Redirection: Is the
Administration’s new policy beneﬁtting our enemies in the
war on terrorism?”²¹ This article turned out to be quite
prescient and helpful in understanding the current conﬂict in
the Middle East.
In this piece, Hersh explains how, in the mid-2000s, the
United States was already shifting its policy away from its
post-9/11 “war on terror” which purported to attack Sunni
extremists (e.g., al-Qaeda) and instead toward attacking
Shiite organizations and governments in the Middle East in
order to weaken Iran, which it had just strengthened with its
2003 invasion of Iraq. And, the United States waged these
anti-Shia attacks with the help of the very Sunni extremists
we claimed to be at war with.
As Hersh writes in the aftermath of the fall of Saddam
Hussein, “The U.S. has also taken part in clandestine
operations aimed at Iran and its ally Syria. A by-product of
these activities has been the bolstering of Sunni extremist
groups that espouse a militant vision of Islam and are
hostile to America and sympathetic to al-Qaeda.”
Obama continued this policy of George W. Bush, thus
aligning with jihadists in Libya to topple Muammar Gaddaﬁ—
one of the most aggressive enemies of al-Qaeda and with
Sunni extremists in Syria in order to topple, or at least
weaken, the Syrian government in Damascus and then pave
the way for toppling Syria’s ally, Iran.

Indeed, as journalist Ben Norton explains, it was just
revealed by Obama’s former ambassador to Syria, Robert S.
Ford, that the United States spent $12 billion from 2014 to
2017 in regime-change eﬀorts in Syria, contradicting claims
by supporters of the Syrian opposition that Obama “did
nothing” in Syria during this time.²² And, this ﬁgure most
likely does not include additional monies spent by the CIA
on such eﬀorts.
Ben Norton cites the New York Times for the proposition
that “the CIA program in Syria was ‘one of the most
expensive eﬀorts to arm and train rebels since the agency’s
program arming the mujahedeen in Afghanistan during the
1980’s,’ which gave birth to al-Qaeda and the Taliban.” For
his part, former ambassador Ford was one of the oﬃcials
who also busted the “moderate Syrian rebel” myth,
decrying the fact that the rebels the US was supporting in
Syria were closely collaborating with, and indeed backed by,
al-Qaeda and ISIS.²³
As for Libya, the United States and other countries of the
West served as the air force for the extremist groups trying
to overthrow Gaddaﬁ in 2011. And, they did so knowing that
this could, and probably would, result in an extremist
takeover of Libya. For example, in an email between then
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, one of the architects of
the Libyan invasion, and close adviser Sydney Blumenthal,
Blumenthal explains that “traditionally, the eastern part of
Libya has been a stronghold for radical Islamist groups,
including the al-Qaida linked Libyan Islamic Fighting Group.
While Qaddaﬁ’s regime has been successful in suppressing
the jihadist threat in Libya, the current situation [meaning
the NATO intervention] opens the door for jihadist
resurgence.”²⁴

I actually met Gaddaﬁ’s last foreign minister, Khaled
Kaim, in Caracas, Venezuela, and he made a point to tell me
that he personally warned US oﬃcials at the UN Security
Council that they would open up a Pandora’s box of
extremism if they went ahead with their plans for
intervention and regime change. He also asked for a onehour delay of the commencement of the NATO bombing to
allow for an inspection of Benghazi to conﬁrm that there
was no humanitarian crisis there as was being alleged to
justify the intervention. Kaim was ignored on both counts by
US oﬃcials, who were committed to war at any cost.
And, as predicted, if not intended, the jihadist resurgence
took place, with violent extremists taking over Libya and
then moving on to other countries like Mali, Tunisia, and
Syria. In addition, a member of the Libyan Islamic Fighting
Group, which NATO eﬀectively partnered with during the
Libyan operation, ended up committing an act of terrorism
in Great Britain with an improvised bombing of the
Manchester Arena, killing twenty-two people including
women and children.²⁵
In January of 2018, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
announced that we will be staying in northern Syria
indeﬁnitely, not to counter ISIS or al-Qaeda, but instead, to
counter Iran. What is curious, again, is that while it is true
that Iran has been intervening in Syria, it has done so
legally, upon the invitation of the sovereign Syrian
government, which is not true of the United States’
unilateral intervention. Moreover, Iran has been ﬁghting the
same forces that the United States has claimed it is ﬁghting
—namely, ISIS and al-Qaeda. As one commentator
reasonably queried:

As with anything the Trump administration mentions about
the Middle East, there is always the bogeyman of Iran. And
as usual, Iran is described in general pejoratives—the lead
adjective on the subject in [Secretary of State] Tillerson’s
speech [about the U.S.’s decision to stay in Syria] was
“malignant”—without addressing exactly how Iran’s position
in, and relationship with, Syria threatens any U.S. interests.
Nor was there any recognition of the inconsistency of
justifying a U.S. military intervention that was supposed to
be about opposing IS by talking about malignancy on the
part of a regional power [Iran] that itself has been opposing
IS, in Iraq as well as Syria.²⁶
In terms of Iran’s anti-terrorist operations in Iraq, even some
mainstream news sources have had to admit that, with the
permission of the Iraqi government, Iran has been
supporting thousands of Shia militias in Iraq who are
“essential to the ﬁght” against ISIS and al-Qaeda there.²⁷
Meanwhile, it is generally accepted that ISIS directly grew
out of the US invasion of Iraq in 2003 and the mistreatment
of Iraqi detainees by the US following the intervention. Thus,
as NPR recently noted, ISIS was originally led and manned
by former Iraqi detainees who were radicalized by their
abuse at the hands of the US military. In the words of NPR’s
Lulu Garcia-Navarro, “ISIS actually evolved out of a U.S.
detention center,” and is thus “a monster of our own
making.”²⁸
What’s more, ISIS continues to be a US monster as the
United States has made common cause with ISIS and alQaeda in its low-intensity war against Iran.
Quite revealing is a document put out by the US Defense
Intelligence Agency (DIA), an external intelligence service of
the United States federal government specializing in

defense and military intelligence. In this document, dated
August 2012, and later declassiﬁed and provided to Judicial
Watch pursuant to a FOIA request, the DIA makes it clear
that Russia, China, and Iran are supporting the Syrian
government, while “the West [namely, the United States
and Israel], Gulf countries, and Turkey support the
opposition.”²⁹ The document goes on to explain that alQaeda—Iraq (AQI) “supported the Syrian opposition from
the beginning,” corroborating President Assad’s claims that
terrorists were involved with the opposition uprising from
the very outset.
The DIA further explains that AQI is opposed to the Syrian
government and wages war upon it because it regards
“Syria as an inﬁdel regime for its support of the inﬁdel Party
Hezbollah, and other [Shiite] regimes he considers
dissenters like Iran and Iraq.”
Incredibly, the DIA goes on to state, indeed to admit, that
“if the situation unravels there is the possibility of
establishing a declared or undeclared Salaﬁst principality in
eastern Syria (Hasaka and Der Zor), and this is exactly what
the supporting powers to the opposition want, in order to
isolate the Syrian regime, which is considered the strategic
depth of Shia expansion (Iraq and Iran).”
Of course, when the DIA states that the “supporting
powers to the opposition” want the establishment of a
Salaﬁst principality (or, Caliphate) to counter Iran and Iraq,
it means that the United States and Israel, among others,
desire this. In other words, while we have been led to
believe the United States is sending our soldiers to ﬁght and
die overseas to take on the terrorists, the United States is
actually supporting the terrorists. And, equally horrifying,
the DIA makes it clear that the United States welcomes the

unraveling of the situation to bring about the Salaﬁst
principality in Syria; in other words, chaos is the desired
means to the United States’ desired end, which appears to
be … more chaos!
Indeed, “former director of the Defense Intelligence
Agency Michael Flynn conﬁrms … that not only had he
studied the DIA memo predicting the West’s backing of an
Islamic State in Syria when it came across his desk in 2012,
but even asserts that the White House’s sponsoring of
radical jihadists (that would emerge as ISIL and Nusra)
against the Syrian regime was ‘a willful decision.’ ”³⁰
In 2015, President Obama himself conﬁrmed the
statements in the DIA document as well as Flynn’s
assessment of it, making clear his intention to merely
“contain” ISIS, rather than to destroy it as he originally
promised, given that, in his assessment, outright destroying
ISIS at that time would be counterproductive to the United
States’ interest of unseating Syrian President Assad and
confronting Iran—again, as with the Iran-Iraq war, the goal
has been to keep the conﬂict at a slow burn, without putting
out the ﬁre altogether, so as to weaken and bleed all
parties.³¹
Henry Kissinger—who should be in jail given his
overseeing many a war crime from Vietnam, Laos, and
Cambodia to Chile, but who is now treated as an elder
statesman—recently warned Trump that he should not
destroy ISIS altogether lest Iran be strengthened in the
process.³² Speaking for many in the US foreign policy
establishment, Kissinger opined that, while countries such
as Iran believe we should ﬁnish oﬀ ISIS and would gladly
help us do it, an ascendant Iran is even more dangerous and
permitting ISIS to exist may help prevent this. Sounding like

the madman he is, Kissinger said that “the enemy of your
enemy may also be your enemy.”³³
This policy of “containment,” rather than the outright
destruction, of ISIS has borne the desired fruit, with Iran now
suﬀering “the kind of terrorist attacks that have hit Arab and
Western capitals.”³⁴ This was seen most dramatically with
the ISIS attack in June of 2017 upon the Iranian parliament
and mausoleum of the Ayatollah Khomeini. This took place
just before my visit to Iran and was very much a topic of
conversation there, with many opining that this attack was
ultimately the handiwork of the United States.
Of course, there are terrible potential consequences for
this dance with the devil, especially if this devil cannot be
contained. Indeed, the DIA predicted in its August 2012
document one such dire consequence which did come to
pass shortly thereafter. As the DIA explained, AQI’s setting
up a Salaﬁst state in Syria with US support “creates the
ideal atmosphere for AQI to return to its old pockets in Mosul
and Ramadi, and will provide a renewed momentum under
the presumption of unifying the Jihad among Sunni Iraq and
Syria, and the rest of the Sunnis in the Arab world against
what it considers one enemy, the Dissenters [most notably
Iran and the government of Iraq]. ISI could also declare an
Islamic state through its union with other terrorist
organizations in Iraq and Syria, which will create grave
danger in regards to unifying Iraq and the protection of its
territory.”
As we all know, the extremists, in the form of the Islamic
State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS), did just what the DIA
predicted, returning to Mosul, Iraq, and declaring a
Caliphate in Syria and Iraq in June of 2014. They would go
on to wreak havoc in Mosul and terrorize the population.

With the genie that the United States helped conjure now
out of the bottle, US coalition forces, after waiting over a
year and a half for suﬃcient damage to be done,
commenced an aggressive bombing campaign in February
of 2017 to oust ISIS from Mosul.
There are estimates of at least forty thousand civilians
killed in what has come to be known as the Battle of
Mosul.³⁵ This battle was marked by major war crimes
committed on all sides of the conﬂict as Amnesty
International (AI) reported in its 2017 report, “At Any Cost:
The Civilian Catastrophe in West Mosul, Iraq.”³⁶
For its part, according to AI, ISIS “summarily killed
hundreds, if not thousands, of men, women and children as
they attempted to ﬂee and hanged their bodies in public
areas.” ISIS also moved thousands of civilians into the zone
of combat, eﬀectively using them as human shields. In
addition, ISIS denied the civilian population food, water, and
access to medical care. By the end of the nearly six-month
battle, civilians were feeding oﬀ of underground spelt and
grass to survive. Meanwhile, ISIS nearly wiped out Iraq’s
Counter-Terrorism Service, killing between four to six
thousand of their eight thousand total troops.
Not to be outdone, the Coalition forces, led by the United
States, indiscriminately bombed huge swaths of Mosul,
killing at least 5,800 civilians in the process. According to
Amnesty
International,
the
indiscriminate
and
disproportionate nature of this bombing most certainly
constituted a war crime.
One such example of US war crimes was the March 17,
2017, bombing of West Mosul which killed at least 137, and
possibly as many as 500, civilians. The Washington Post
would later describe this as one of the worst US-led civilian

bombings in the past twenty-ﬁve years. As the Post
explained, this one bombing “could possibly rank [as] one of
the most devastating attacks on civilians by American
forces in more than two decades.”³⁷
By design, the United States, through its policy of playing
one Middle East country against another and of at various
times creating, supporting, or just tolerating various terrorist
groups, has unleashed indescribable chaos upon the region.
This has not only caused untold loss of life and suﬀering to
the people of the region, but has also led to the eradication
of their history and culture.
Here is but a partial list of the destruction that ISIS, the
sometimes ally of the United States in its quest to
undermine Iran, has wrought in just Iraq and Syria alone: in
Mosul, Iraq, ISIS blew up the Great Mosque of al-Nuri and its
leaning minaret, trashed the Mosul museum as well as other
museums and libraries, and dynamited Christian churches
and mosques; in nearby Nineva, an ancient Assyrian city on
the outskirts of Mosul, it destroyed many of the ancient
ruins and antiquities; in other parts of Iraq, ISIS has
destroyed the fourth century Catholic Mar Behnam
Monastery, the Mosque of the Prophet Yunus, and the Imam
Dur Mausoleum; in Palmyra, Syria, ISIS destroyed ancient
Roman ruins, such as the Temple of Baalshamin and the
Temple of Baal; and elsewhere in Syria ISIS has destroyed
such treasures as the Christian Mar Elian Monastery.³⁸
Meanwhile, the United States itself has also done a great
job of destroying vast swaths of countries like Afghanistan,
Iraq, Libya, and Syria too, and ancient artifacts therein. For
example, the US invasions of Iraq have opened that
country’s, and in truth the world’s, antiquities for mass
looting, and the US forces have done nothing to stop this. As

Noam Chomsky points out, after the US invasion of Iraq in
2003,
The Pentagon oﬃcials in charge did make sure that other
sites were protected, however: the oil and security
ministries. Elsewhere, looting and destruction, including of
irreplaceable
treasures
of
civilization,
proceeded
unconstrained. Two years after the invasion, the president of
the American Academic Research Institute in Iraq, Macguire
Gibson, sadly conﬁrmed that ‘Iraq is losing its culture and its
wealth.’ By then, more than half of the nation’s
archeological sites, including most major Sumerian ones,
had been destroyed. ‘The Americans are not doing
anything,’ Gibson added. … The losses at these sites
dwarfed even the massive looting of the National Museum
shortly after the US troops arrived, in which at least 15,000
to 20,000 looted pieces disappeared, probably forever.³⁹
Israel too is engaged in its own campaign of mass
destruction, particularly of what is left of the Palestinian
people. Thus, with the complicity of the United States, Israel
is literally starving out the Palestinians, particularly those
who occupy the Gaza Strip, in what is clearly an act of slowmoving genocide. Indeed, betraying Israel’s genocidal
intent, Israel’s Defense Minister, Avigdor Lieberman,
recently stated that there are “no innocent people in Gaza”;
this intent is being manifest in the collective punishment of
all of Gaza.
As Amnesty International explains in its most recent
annual report,
Gaza [has] remained under an Israeli air, sea and land
blockade, in force since June 2007. The continuing
restrictions on imports of construction materials under the

blockade, and funding shortages, contributed to severe
delays in reconstruction of homes and other infrastructure
damaged or destroyed in recent armed conﬂicts. Continuing
restrictions on exports crippled the economy and
exacerbated widespread impoverishment among Gaza’s 1.9
million inhabitants. The Egyptian authorities’ almost total
closure of the Rafah border crossing with Gaza completed its
isolation and compounded the impact of the Israeli
blockade.
According to the United Nations which puts it quite bluntly,
Gaza will be “unlivable” by 2020—that is, in just a couple
short years. As the UN explains, “Gaza has continued on its
trajectory of ‘de-development,’ in many cases even faster
than we had originally projected.” One of the biggest issues
confronting Gaza, the UN explains, is the near total lack of
electricity for its residents, which makes keeping food and
many life-saving medicines impossible.
The truth is that, for many, Gaza is already unlivable. In a
recent interview in the Israeli paper Haaretz entitled “Gaza
Kids Live in Hell: A Psychologist Tells of Rampant Sexual
Abuse, Drugs and Despair,” trauma treatment expert
Mohammed Mansour relates that the situation in Gaza has
taken a drastic turn for the worse even in recent months. Dr.
Mansour explains, in his most recent visit,
I encountered a large number of cases of sexual abuse
among the children. That’s a phenomenon that has always
existed, but in this visit, and also in the previous visit, in
August, it suddenly reached far larger dimensions. It’s
become positively huge. More than one-third of the children
I saw in the Jabalya [refugee] camp reported being sexually
abused. Children from ages 5 to 13.

Dr. Manour makes it abundantly clear that it is the Israeli
blockade and the resulting “de-development” of Gaza that is
leading to this dire situation:
Most people don’t work, and those who do, earn pennies—
the average salary is 1,000 shekels a month [$285].
Mentally and physically, parents are simply not capable of
supporting their children. They are immersed in their own
depression, their own trauma. …
I’ve seen the starvation. I visit meager, empty homes.
The refrigerator is oﬀ even during the hours when they have
electric power, because there’s nothing in it. The children
tell me that they eat once a day; some eat once every two
days.
As Dr. Manour concluded, “The trauma does not end and will
not end. Adults and children live in terrible pain, they’re only
looking for how to escape it. We also see growing numbers
of addicts.”⁴⁰
As the UN Development Program (UNDP) determined in a
series of Arab Development Reports, the Israeli occupation
of Palestine has, among other things such as the US
invasion of Iraq, “ ‘adversely inﬂuenced’ human
development.”⁴¹
Meanwhile, President Trump has suspended $65 million of
aid to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for
Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA), and is
backing out of giving another $45 million of aid for food to
the Palestinians. Even hard-liners in Israel have complained
that this amounts to a death sentence for thousands of
Palestinians.
Not content to merely wipe out the Palestinian people,
Israel is also bent on destroying their cultural heritage, even

going so far as to claim that the Palestinians have no
heritage or history of their own to begin with. Indeed, a
book last year which quickly shot to number one in
Amazon’s “Middle East History” category, before being
pulled from the website, was A History of the Palestinian
People: From Ancient Times to the Modern Era by Israeli
author Assaf Voll.⁴² This book, which purported to be “the
comprehensive and extensive review of some 3,000 years of
Palestinian history” consisted of 120 blank pages—a cruel
joke attempting to show that the Palestinians have no
history. Apparently, for many, it is not enough that Israel is
destroying the Palestinian people; it must also destroy any
memory of them, as well.
This is reminiscent of the scene in Gabriel Garcia
Marquez’s One Hundred Years of Solitude when, after a
banana strike was crushed by the Colombian military and
the strikers killed, the banana company (in real life, the
United Fruit Company in the town of Ciénaga, Colombia in
1928) had all of the strikers’ bodies loaded onto railcars and
taken away. Eventually, the strikers, the strike, and even the
banana company itself, which ended up abandoning the
area, were forgotten by the people of the town.
I fear that a time may come soon when the people,
culture, traditions, religion, and ancient architecture of the
Islamic world are ground into oblivion and then forgotten.
Another sign that this may be the endgame as far as the
United States in particular is concerned is the United States’
long-time war with UNESCO—the UN agency tasked with
preserving world cultural sites—and President Trump’s
recent announcement that the United States was backing
out of UNESCO entirely and would not pay the $550 million
it already owes to that agency.⁴³

And, not surprisingly, the United States made this
decision precisely because UNESCO was doing its job in
trying to preserve Palestinian culture from destruction. As
the New York Times explains, the United States’ decision
was in response to the fact that “in July, UNESCO declared
the ancient and hotly contested core of Hebron, in the
Israeli-occupied West Bank, as a Palestinian World Heritage
site in danger, a decision sharply criticized by Israel and its
allies. And in 2015, UNESCO adopted a resolution that
criticized Israel for mishandling heritage sites in Jerusalem
and condemned ‘Israeli aggressions and illegal measures
against freedom of worship.’ ” The destruction of the
Palestinian people and culture must go on, as far as the
United States is concerned.
In the foregoing ways, ISIS, the United States, and Israel
seem to have similar intentions, at least in the short run,
and that is to destroy the Middle East as we know it. Maybe
the plan is to make it into a giant oil reﬁnery, with some
poppy ﬁelds on the side, or to turn it into an appendage of
Europe and/or Israel. Maybe the idea is to destroy all of the
Middle East’s capacity for oil production so that the world
will have to depend upon US fossil fuel production, now the
greatest in the world. Or, maybe the idea is to turn it into a
giant parking lot as some like Ronald Reagan had advocated
for Vietnam, famously saying that “we could pave the whole
country and put parking strips on it, and still be home by
Christmas.” In any case, the goal appears to be to wipe out
what and who is there now.
In truth, it is Iran which is one of the few countries
standing in the way of this nihilistic project by promoting a
humane version of Islam, ﬁghting the very terrorists the

United States merely claims to be ﬁghting, and trying to
bring stability to neighboring countries such as Iraq.
Indeed, as Middle East expert Vali Nasr related recently in
Foreign Aﬀairs, “Without Iran’s military reach and the
strength of its network of allies and clients in Iraq and Syria,
ISIS would have quickly swept through Damascus, Baghdad,
and Erbil (the capital of Iraqi’s Kurdistan), before reaching
Iran’s own borders.”⁴⁴ In other words, what the United
States and Israel usually term Iran’s sponsorship of
terrorism is in fact a ﬁght against terrorism, and an eﬀective
one at that. However, given the United States’ and Israel’s
general confusion between wars on terror and wars for
terror, this mistake is not surprising.
Meanwhile, during the times that the United States is in
the mood to confront ISIS, it will sometimes appear to be
working in concert with Iran in doing so. As Patrick Cockburn
has explained, for example:
In Iraq the US and Iranians are still publicly denouncing each
other, but when Iranian-controlled Shia militias attacked
north Baghdad in September [of 2014] to end the ISIS siege
of the Shia Turkoman town of Amerli, their advance was
made possible by US air strikes on ISIS positions. When the
discredited Iraqi prime minister Nouri al-Maliki was replaced
by Haider al-Abadi during the same period, the change was
backed by both Washington and Tehran.⁴⁵
In short, if the United States really wants to ﬁght terrorism
and to bring stability to the Middle East, it would appear
that Iran would be a worthy partner with which to do this.
This, of course, begs the question of why Iran is such a
big bugaboo for the United States and why it is seemingly
bent on ﬁnding pretexts to justify attacking it. To answer this

question, I would submit, we must go back about seventyﬁve years to the very beginning of the United States’
relationship with Iran and to the fount of the discord
between these two countries.

3
THE UNITED STATES AND UNITED
KINGDOM DESTROY IRANIAN DEMOCRACY
MY TWO SONS HAVE GONE TO public school in Pittsburgh
throughout grade school and secondary education. While
they were in grade school, the superintendent of Pittsburgh
Public Schools was Mark Roosevelt, a quite innovative and
erudite individual who moved here from Boston. Roosevelt,
who served as superintendent between 2005 and 2010, had
the unenviable and unpopular job of overseeing the closing
and consolidation of numerous schools in order to rescue
the cash-strapped school district. While it was often pointed
out with great pride that Mark is the great-grandchild of
President Teddy Roosevelt, it was rare that Mark’s father
was ever mentioned. It was his father, however, who played
a key and fateful role in the history of Iran and in the
trajectory of US-Iranian relations for many years to come,
Mark’s father being the legendary Kermit Roosevelt—the CIA
bureau chief in Tehran who led the coup against Iranian
Prime Minister Mohammad Mossadegh in 1953.
The CIA-led coup against Mossadegh has been written
about extensively, including by Kermit Roosevelt himself in
his tell-all and self-serving book, Countercoup: The Struggle
for the Control of Iran (1981). However, it was not until 2017
that the Bureau of Public Aﬀairs of the US State Department
released a huge trove of documents revealing the CIA’s role
in the coup.¹ As one author, describing a more limited
release of CIA documents in 2013, explains, “The
documents’ existence and contents contrast sharply with a

report in the New York Times in 1997 that quoted CIA
oﬃcials stating falsely that most of the documents relating
to Iran in 1953 were either lost or destroyed in the early
1960’s, allegedly because the record-holders’ safes were
too full.”²
The documents released in 2017, containing recentlydeclassiﬁed information (though much is still classiﬁed), are
quite instructive, for they show how our government
oﬃcials can hold completely contradictory ideas in their
minds at the same time (for example, that the Soviet Union
was a threat to US interests in Iran when on the very next
page they conclude that it really was not), and then
formulate policies and actions based upon these ideas. The
resulting policies and actions, when viewed dispassionately,
seem to make no sense at all, and do not even seem
reasonably aimed at accomplishing the stated goals (e.g.,
democracy and freedom). But sadly, and incredibly, the selfcontradictory nature of such policies is never pointed out,
either by government oﬃcials, by the press, or by
educators, and so our nation continues to act out in ways
that can only be described as irrational and insane, and
which result in utter disaster for everyone involved.
For over the past century, Iran’s greatest resource, and at
the same time its greatest curse, has been its oil. In 1901,
the corrupt Iranian monarch, Muzaﬀar al-Din Shah, sold the
entirety of Iran’s oil and natural gas rights for a mere
twenty-thousand pounds to William Knox D’Arcy, a ﬁnancier
based in London.³ In 1908, D’Arcy’s concession was
reconﬁgured as the Anglo Persian Oil Company (APOC), 51
percent of which was later bought by the British
government.

Meanwhile, in 1906, inspired by the Russian Revolution of
1905, the people of Iran (then called Persia) rose up to
challenge the power of the Shah, and their uprising was
crushed by both Great Britain and czarist Russia, the czar of
Russia having violently crushed his own people’s attempted
revolution as well.
The one concrete thing to come out of this revolt was an
elected parliament known as the Majlis, which has existed
since then and to the present time, subject to being
suspended at times, in various forms and with various
degrees of authority.
Then, in 1907, Russia and the United Kingdom drew up
the Anglo-Russian Convention of 1907, which divided Iran
into two parts; Russia received the north and Britain the
South, and the Shah was left with a small piece in the
middle. This partitioning was done without Iran even
participating in the discussions.
After the 1917 Russian Revolution, the Soviet Union
renounced most of its rights in Iran and canceled the
country’s debts owed to the czar.
Meanwhile, pursuant to the “harsh Anglo-Persian
Agreement of 1919” which gave the British “control over
Iran’s
army,
treasury,
transport
system,
and
communications network,”⁴ the APOC continued to extract
Iran’s oil and to reﬁne it in the world’s largest oil reﬁnery on
the island of Abadan at the north end of the Persian Gulf,
and to ship it out of the country for sale. As one
commentator notes, “Not only was the oil a source of
fabulous wealth for the British, it also gave them the edge in
the world as both an industrial and naval power.”⁵
However, Iran’s oil wealth was not beneﬁtting its people,
who still lived in abject poverty. This was due to the fact that

“Tehran was only earning between ten and twelve percent in
royalties on APOC’s net proceeds, which meant that the
British government was making far more revenue from
Iranian oil than the Iranian government.” To make matters
worse, most of APOC’s Iranian workers were poorly paid and
housed in bad conditions. As Stephen Dorril describes, the
company eﬀectively operated as though “it was still the
nineteenth century, regarding Iranians as merely wogs.”⁶
Kermit Roosevelt would acknowledge later, just after the
1953 coup, that 90 percent of the Iranian population was
illiterate even at that time.⁷
Indeed, as D. F. Fleming explains in his lost classic The
Cold War and Its Origins, the people of Iran were kept “in a
state of squalor unequaled in the world.”⁸ Fleming relates
that “in some villages 90 percent of the people had malaria,
and infant mortality exceeded 50 percent.” Iran, according
to Fleming, was truly “ ‘a nation in rags.’ Abject misery was
graven on most faces. Even in Teheran anyone standing on
the street would be approached by a beggar every ﬁve
minutes.”
In 1921, the British engineered a coup against the Shah
in power at that time, and by 1926, a new Shah, Reza Shah,
had consolidated his position. It was Reza Shah who
changed the name of Persia to Iran (literally, “land of the
Arians”) in the 1930s. While the British still controlled Iran’s
oil industry, they left it to Reza Shah to run the government
and military.
While Reza Shah tried to modernize the country, he used
brutal methods against the population and was a Nazi
sympathizer.⁹ Reza Shah soon decided to align Iran with
Nazi Germany and invited hundreds of Germans into Iran to
help with the construction of factories, roads, bridges, and

other buildings. As Ryszard Kapuscinsi explains in his Shah
of Shahs, “The Shah admired Hitler and surrounded himself
with Hitler’s people. There were Germans all over Iran, in
the palace, the ministries, the army. The Abwehr [Germany
military intelligence] became a force to reckon with in
Teheran, and the Shah looked on approvingly.”
When I was in Iran, it was explained to me that the Nazis
actually helped build a prison in the early 1930s which
became a torture center for the Iranian security apparatus
(known as the SAVAK) set up by the CIA in 1957. Upon my
own request, I visited this prison, now the Ebrat Museum,
while in Tehran. We were led on a tour of the center
(preserved as it had been while being run by the SAVAK) by
a man who had himself been imprisoned there and tortured
by the SAVAK.
One of the cells contains a life-sized mannequin made to
resemble current Supreme Leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali
Khamenei, who spent eight months in that very prison cell
and who suﬀered greatly at the hands of the SAVAK. In
addition, many of the rooms are still adorned just as they
would have been before 1979, with the framed photos of
the last Shah of Iran, along with his beautiful wife and his
young son. Many of the halls are lined with row after row of
photos of the thousands of other inmates of this prison,
many of whom never made it out of there in one piece, if at
all.
Of course, there were many Iranians at the time who
abhorred the Nazis and their war against Jews and ethnic
minorities. One such Iranian was Abdol-Hossein Sardari, who
was the head of Iran’s diplomatic mission in Paris, France, at
the time of the Nazi invasion. Sardari, today known as the
“Iranian Schindler,” would use his position there, and the

Iranian government’s good graces with Germany at the
time, to save over two thousand Iranian Jews [over twice the
number of Jews saved by Schindler himself] who were
trapped in occupied France.¹⁰ He provided these individuals
“with the passports and travel documents they needed for
safe-passage through Nazi-occupied Europe,” and back to
Iran which, despite the government’s relationship with
Germany, was still a safe place for Jews to reside. In his
work, and even in communications to the Nazis, Sardari
appealed to Iranian history, and in particular to the reign of
“the Persian Emperor Cyrus [who] had freed Jewish exiles in
Babylon in 538 BC” and allowed them to return to their
homes.
In 1941, the British and the Soviets invaded Iran to oust
the Germans, and Iran then signed a treaty with the Allies.
At that time, the Shah was also forced to abdicate his
throne, and his son, Mohammed Reza Pahlavi, was sworn in
as the new Shah of Iran. Mohammed Reza Pahlavi would
ultimately be the last Shah of Iran. Meanwhile, AbdolHossein Sardari, who was then recalled by the Iranian
government from his post as a diplomat in occupied France,
nonetheless stayed in Paris, at great peril to himself, to
continue his humanitarian work of saving Iranian Jews and
others.¹¹
It was against this backdrop that, in the early 1950s, the
people of Iran united around a talented, nationalist politician
to try to gain true independence—independence which
necessarily included more Iranian control over its precious
oil resources. The politician’s name was Mohammed
Mossadegh.
Mossadegh, upon being elected
committee, and suspecting that

to the Majlis’ oil
the British were

shortchanging the Iranians on the oil royalties owed them,
initially made the quite reasonable request for the British to
open Anglo Persian’s ﬁnancial books. The British refused this
request as well as Mossadegh’s request to train Iranians in
technical jobs of the oil industry. When Mossadegh was
elected head of the Majlis’ oil committee, he then
demanded that Iran receive half the proﬁts of the Anglo
Persian Oil Company. Again, Britain refused.
It was only after the British refusals of these reasonable
requests that the Majlis, under the leadership of Mossadegh
who was elected prime minister by overwhelming vote of
the Majlis on April 28, 1951, ﬁnally decided to nationalize
Iran’s oil industry on May 1, 1951. As one commentator
points out, it was at this very time that Britain was
beginning to nationalize its own coal, electric rail, and steel
industries, under the leadership of the Labor Party which
had been the governing party since the end of WWII.¹² But
what was good for the goose was not good for the gander,
and so, in retaliation for Iran’s nationalization, the British
stopped exporting reﬁned oil from the Abbadan reﬁnery,
and Iran, without tankers or oil technicians of its own, could
neither run the reﬁnery nor export any oil.
Once Winston Churchill returned as UK prime minister in
October of 1951, Britain took even more aggressive action
against Mossadegh, buying oﬀ Iranian media and
undermining the country’s economy.¹³
At this point, the British Empire was in its death throes,
and Britain was attempting to cling to at least some of its
empire with all of its might. In addition to countries like Iran,
Britain in the early 1950s was also attempting to subjugate
countries like Kenya, where Britain would attempt to wipe
out the rebellious Kikuyu ethnic group. As has recently been

exposed, the United Kingdom, under Churchill’s leadership,
imprisoned 1.5 million Kikuyu in “a network of detention
camps,” much like Stalin’s gulags, where they “suﬀered
forced labour, disease, starvation, torture, rape and
murder.”¹⁴ Possibly hundreds of thousands of Kikuyu died in
what some, including historian Caroline Elkins, have termed
Britain’s genocidal campaign against them.¹⁵ Ironically,
while Churchill decried Stalin’s gulags, and warned of the
USSR’s “Iron Curtain” descending upon Eastern Europe, he
had no qualms about his own gulags in Africa.
Still, Britain’s empire was on the wane, while the United
States’ was on the rise. And so Britain, whose embassy had
been shut down by Mossadegh after he learned of Britain’s
coup plans, turned to its faithful ally for help. Churchill was
initially rebuﬀed by President Harry S. Truman, who simply
had no interest in a project aimed at maximizing the United
Kingdom’s oil proﬁts, and who himself was busy in a
campaign of mass slaughter of his own in Korea. So,
Churchill then turned to the newly-elected President Dwight
D. Eisenhower for assistance.
Having learned from Truman’s rebuke, PM Churchill, along
with the newly-formed CIA under Allen Dulles who happened
to be an associate of the ﬁrm providing legal counsel for
APOC,¹⁶ came up with a more tried and true pitch for getting
rid of Mossadegh—rescuing Iran and the Middle East from
the specter of Communism.¹⁷ This sales point worked like a
charm on Eisenhower, who readily green-lighted a USinstigated coup against Mossadegh. The coup plot was
dubbed “Operation Ajax.”
The coup plot was carried out by the CIA, headed by Allen
Dulles, in close coordination with the US State Department,
then headed by Allen’s brother John, and the White House. It

was collectively decided by these groups that they would
reinstall the Shah, who Mossadegh had sidelined in the
interest of trying to democratize Iran, and replace
Mossadegh with General Fazlollah Zahedi in the prime
minister position.
General Zahedi was known as a strongman, having been
dismissed by Mossadegh from his position as minister of the
interior after he “ordered the massacre” of protestors.¹⁸
Zahedi also had a dark past, having been exiled by the
British during WWII as a war proﬁteer and as a close friend
of Nazi agents. While Steven Kinzer quotes British
intelligence oﬃcial “Monty” Woodhouse for the proposition
that Zahedi “was an ironic choice, for during World War II he
had been regarded as a German agent,”¹⁹ this was not ironic
at all.
Indeed, as evidenced in a CIA memo contained in the
2017 released documents, Zahedi’s having been a Nazi
collaborator was seen as an asset to the Americans. As the
memo, detailing US assets in Iran, explains, “Associated with
the Nazi eﬀorts in Iran during World War II, he has long been
ﬁrmly anti-Soviet. A pro-Western orientation is reﬂected in
the education of his son in the U.S. and the activity of his
son in the Point IV [Truman’s Cold War technical assistance
plan to developing countries] in Iran….” The memo goes on
to say that the CIA’s contacts in Iran believed Zahedi “to be
the only military man on the scene who would stage a coup
and follow it through with forcefulness.”²⁰
This view, that being Nazi and resolutely anti-Soviet/antiCommunist go hand-in-hand, thus making a Nazi a
potentially good partner for the United States, was then,
and in some instances, continues to be, the prevailing view
of US foreign policy leaders, particularly in the CIA. I remind

readers here of Operation Paperclip, a plan instituted just
after WWII pursuant to which
more than 1,600 Germans were secretly recruited to
develop armaments “at a feverish and paranoid pace that
came to deﬁne the Cold War.”
Although some of these men had been Nazi Party
members, SS oﬃcers and war criminals, they were valued
as vital to American national security. Thus it was O.K.,
American government oﬃcials reasoned, to ignore these
scientists’ roles in developing biological and chemical
weapons, in designing the V-2 rockets that shattered London
and Antwerp and in the countless deaths of concentration
camp inmates who fell victim to medical experiments at
Dachau and Ravensbrück.²¹
In Japan, meanwhile, the United States quickly moved to
restore fascist-era leaders to power to ensure that Japan
would not turn to socialism, and so that it would be a
reliable ally in suppressing anticolonial movements in Korea,
Vietnam, and Indonesia. The chief leader the United States
selected to secure its interests in Japan and the Paciﬁc was
Nobusuke Kishi, also known as the “Shōwa (Emperor) era
monster/devil”—the war criminal, famous for his brutality,
who oversaw the use of coerced Korean and Chinese labor
in Japan’s Manchurian munitions factories.²² The United
States exonerated Kishi for his WWII-era war crimes, and he
went on to serve two terms as Japan’s prime minister in the
1950s, becoming widely known as “America’s favorite war
criminal.”²³
In addition, the United States and Britain got busy right
after WWII in helping to install and prop up fascist regimes
in countries like Greece as a bulwark against Communism.

And, of course, the stated goal of the United States
intervention in Iran in 1953 was the prevention of a
Communist takeover of Iran, either externally by the Soviet
Union and/or internally by Iran’s Communist Party (then and
now known as the Tudeh Party). However, while the internal
US documents show a concern about such a takeover, they
also reveal the conclusion of key US policymakers that such
a takeover was not a real threat or possibility at that time,
and that the USSR would not act to try to counter the United
States’ coup attempt or to reverse it once the coup
succeeded.
Thus, in the same CIA memo describing Zahedi’s asset as
a Nazi, the following assumptions about the coup plan are
listed:
I. Basic Assumptions
… 1. Mossadegh must go.
2. Appropriate U.S. covert assets will be directed toward
his overthrow and U.S policy action and ﬁnancial aid will
support his successor….
5. At this time Soviet reaction to a forced change in
government would be limited in nature….
7. Zahedi can last only if he manages the immediate
removal of all dissident leaders….
10. Zahedi’s cabinet must include the strongest possible
individuals, including a U.S. approved choice of his
successor.²⁴
In other words, as point ﬁve makes clear, the coup planners
were quite aware that they could, and would, have their way
with Iran without any signiﬁcant interference from the
Soviets.

In a Draft National Intelligence Estimate of the CIA, dated
August 12, 1953, the CIA is even more pointed in its
conclusions, stating that the Tudeh Party does not have the
current capability to seize power nor the willingness to turn
against Mossadegh, and therefore poses no threat.²⁵ The CIA
also concludes that, despite the public pronouncements of
the CIA’s paid journalists that Mossadegh was some type of
Communist stooge, “it is extremely unlikely that an ardent
nationalist of Mossadegh’s stripe would grant the USSR oil
concessions, permit Soviet technicians to move into
Abadan, or otherwise open the way for large-scale Soviet
penetration of Iran. Moreover, it is almost equally unlikely
that Mossadegh will sever all ties with the US.”²⁶
In short, Mossadegh’s being in power was not a threat to
the US interest of preventing Soviet expansion. The CIA
acknowledges the Soviets’ “paucity of military preparations
and the probable unwillingness of the USSR to intervene
militarily on its [Tudeh’s] behalf.”²⁷ And ﬁnally, the CIA, in
another memo on April 17, acknowledges “Moscow’s recent
overtures of conciliation toward the West.”²⁸ In the end, the
CIA’s assessment was correct, with the Soviet Union not
making any moves in the eleventh hour of the coup to save
the Mossadegh government.²⁹
Thus, the CIA was quite aware that there was no internal
or external Communist threat to Iran. Indeed, the CIA
recognized that, to the extent Mossadegh was dealing with
Russia at all, he was being forced to by the very
circumstances in which the United States and Britain were
putting him. Thus, in an August 6, 1953, internal embassy
memo, Iranian Minister of National Economy A.A. Akhavi is
quoted as saying that “there is no desire to have any
relations with the neighbor to the north, including

commercial relations, but that Iran was being forced to deal
with Russia by reason of the fact that the United States and
most of the free world would not buy its products.”³⁰
Another US Embassy memo, dated May 20, 1953, quotes
Akhavi as stating that “if Iran is helped to become strong
through the development of her resources, she will stand
like a bastion of the free world in the Middle East because
she is not involved in the Israel-Arab ﬁght and is not
conjoined with any neighboring country or its problems.”³¹
Of course, Iran today is decidedly involved “in the IsraelArab ﬁght,” and is conjoined with neighboring states, most
notably Lebanon. Quite possibly, if the United States had left
well enough alone, Iran’s role in the Middle East would be
very diﬀerent today.
In any case, Akhavi’s claims were backed up at the time
by British Ambassador Sir Roger Makins, who, in an August
17, 1953, telegram to Washington, says, “Whatever his
faults Mussaddiq had no love for the Russians and timely aid
might enable him to keep Communism in check.”³² It is
important to note at this juncture that Sir Roger was
pointing to an alternative here for both Britain and the
United States—instead of going to the trouble of
orchestrating a coup in a foreign land, they could have just
helped Mossadegh and Iran move forward in the direction of
Western, capitalist development. To put it in simplistic
terms, they could have been nice, and probably obtained
better results in the end.
Indeed, there are some moments in which doing
something positive and helpful for Iran and the people of
the Middle East was considered, if ever so brieﬂy, as a path
forward.

For example, in the March 4, 1953, meeting of the
National Security Council, it is noted that “The President
said in any case it was a matter of great distress to him that
we seemed unable to get some of the people in these
downtrodden countries to like us instead of hating us.”³³
In light of this statement, the following exchange took
place:
Mr. [Charles Douglas] Jackson [special assistant to
Eisenhower and expert in psychological warfare] then said
that he had another point which he felt would contribute to
an improvement of our position in the Middle East and about
which he felt it was possible to do something. This was
American action to remove the festering sore in the Middle
East represented by the 800,000 Arab displaced persons in
Israel. … Mr. Jackson replied that it would certainly be
possible to resettle 200,000 of these refugees, and that all
800,000 could at least be fed. The President added that it
was not enough to feed them, but that he would be awfully
glad if we could get some of the Arab countries to take
these people if we would pay a subsidy of each head.³⁴
In other words, the United States could improve its position
in the Middle East by helping improve the lot of the
Palestinian people who had been displaced in the 1948
creation of Israel. As Jackson mentioned, this was a
“festering sore in the Middle East” even back then, and this
sore continues to fester now. At this critical juncture, as the
United States was just getting deeply involved in the Middle
East for the ﬁrst time, it could have decided to help and
create in order to advance interests. Instead, it decided to
destroy, and it would go on destroying despite other, more

peaceful means being available. The result would be
tragedy and disaster for millions.

4
INSTALLING A KING IN THE NAME OF
DEMOCRACY
AND SO, INSTEAD OF HELPING THE Palestinian people, and
instead of helping Mossadegh survive and thrive as a
bulwark against Communism as Sir Roger suggested, the
United States opted for just the opposite course of action.
The game plan the United States ran in Iran in 1953 was the
standard one it ran during the Cold War—that is, target a
nationalist government for overthrow in the interest of
preserving US economic domination, and justify such an
overthrow by manufacturing a Communist threat. Such a
threat is manufactured, as in the case of Iran, by isolating
the targeted country economically and politically, starving
its economy (or, “making the economy scream” as Henry
Kissinger put it in reference to the United States’ policy
toward Chile’s Allende government), and thereby pushing
that country into the arms of the Soviets. Then, the United
States could claim that it must overthrow that country’s
government because of its ties to the Soviets—ties that the
United States forced upon them.
As for the part of the plan to starve the targeted
country’s economy, that plan was aggressively followed by
the United States and Britain in their goal to topple
Mossadegh, and it worked like a charm. Thus, Iran was
prevented from receiving any revenue from its oil as a
consequence of a worldwide embargo and blockade against
Iranian oil which was aggressively enforced by the British
Navy. Meanwhile, the United States itself, in support of

Britain, refused to buy Iranian oil. The result was that “the
country’s main source of income was gone. Iran had earned
$45 million from oil exports in 1950, more than 70 percent
of its total earnings. That sum dropped by half in 1951 and
then to almost zero in 1952.”¹
As a May 30, 1953, memorandum of a conversation
between the Shah and US Ambassador Loy W. Henderson
reﬂects, even the Shah, the United States’ hand-picked
successor to Mossadegh and soon-to-be tyrannical dictator,
was alarmed at the situation.² As the memo relates, “Shah
told by Henderson that U.S. would not buy Iranian oil for the
foreseeable future unless dispute with Britain was resolved,
nor would it give ﬁnancial or economic aid.” It should be
noted that, as reﬂected in the 2017 released documents,
the resolution of the oil dispute, at least on the surface, now
came down to the question of how much Iran would pay
Great Britain as compensation for the nationalization of the
oil ﬁelds.³
The Shah gave his opinion that the best chance for
settlement was under Mossadegh rather than a successor,
and he further “said that the present economic position of
Iran is so dangerous that he would like to see the U.S. give
ﬁnancial and economic assistance to the country even
though Dr. Mossadegh was still in power and even though
the extension of that assistance might make it appear that
the U.S. was supporting Mossadegh.”⁴
The United States was unmoved by the Shah’s plea. As a
later, June 19, 1953, memorandum of conversation relates,
it was agreed by the major US decision-makers, including
President Eisenhower himself, that Mossadegh would be told
that the United States was refusing to give him any
economic aid, as “it would be unfortunate at this time to

give Mossadegh any ammunition which would strengthen
his political position.”⁵ The United States even refused
economic support to Mossadegh though it knew that the
Soviets were oﬀering help, and that this was putting the
Soviets in a favorable light in the eyes of the Iranians, while
making the United States look bad. Thus, in a paper
prepared by the CIA, and dated July 22, 1953, the CIA notes
that “Soviet action in making about $21,000,000 available
lends itself a contrast to American failure to grant ﬁnancial
aid.”⁶
The United States even rebuﬀed what appeared to be an
incredible oﬀer by Mossadegh. Thus, a May 4, 1953,
telegram from the US Embassy in Iran to the Department of
State quotes Mossadegh as stating, “I am willing have this
dispute settled by someone whom Britain and I can trust. I
agreeable President Eisenhower act as arbiter. I ready give
him full power to decide issue. Will you be good enough to
ask President Eisenhower if he would undertake settle this
matter for us?”⁷ A June 19 memo relates that “it is agreed
that no response should be given to Mosadeq in regard to
his request that Eisenhower settle the dispute.”⁸ Instead,
silence would be the rude reply to Mossadegh’s incredibly
conciliatory proposal, and Mossadegh and the Iranian
people in general would soon learn never to put their trust
in an American president again.
One might ask at this point what was going on here. If
Mossadegh’s rule did not really pose a risk of Communist
takeover of Iran, with the British ambassador even opining
that Mossadegh might represent the best bulwark against
Communism; and if, as the Shah believed, Mossadegh
oﬀered the best possibility for settling the oil dispute with
Britain, with Mossadegh even oﬀering for Eisenhower to be

the sole arbiter of that dispute, then why did the United
States believe that it had to forcibly remove Mossadegh?
I believe the answer is twofold: (1) the United States, as
has been its wont certainly since WWII, felt the need to
punish Mossadegh and Iran for attempting to nationalize
Iran’s oil to begin with; in short, as Noam Chomsky has often
explained, the United States would have to wipe out the
“danger of a good example” to other upstart nations who
might get similar ideas; and (2) the United States now saw
an opportunity to muscle in to the Iranian oil market itself,
and to at least partially displace Britain in this respect.
What the evidence strongly shows, despite a number of
allusions in the released documents to the alleged need to
protect Iranian democracy, is that the advancement of
democracy and freedom was certainly NOT part of the US
program for Iran. Thus, in addition to the obvious threats to
democracy posed by the forcible installation of a royal
monarch in power, along with the installation of a Nazi
sympathizer as prime minister, the released documents
evidence a complete contempt for the will of the Iranian
people and the resolve to use brutality to suppress that will.
And, as time went on, the United States’ support for brutal
repression in Iran only increased.
So, for example, in a memo to US Ambassador
Henderson, dated May 19, 1953, the counselor of embassy,
Mattison, gives his quite reasonable opinion that while
forcing a change of government in Iran might lead to the
United States obtaining the ends it wanted, the resulting
regime “would probably take the form of a military
dictatorship or a dictatorship supported by the military, as
there is some doubt that suﬃcient popular support could be

obtained for a settlement on British terms.”⁹ History would
of course prove Mattison correct in this regard.
The fact was that, as US policymakers would often
acknowledge in their internal documents, Mossadegh,
despite the problems he was facing—problems largely
created by the conscious work of the United Kingdom and
United States to sink the Iranian economy—was still popular
and still the single most important politician in Iran. Thus, in
a May 8, 1953, telegram from the US Embassy to the State
Department, Ambassador Henderson opines that “Mosadeq
still however, outstanding political ﬁgure [in] Iran.”¹⁰
In a July 1, 1953, “Despatch from the Embassy in Iran to
the Department of State,” the ﬁrst secretary of the embassy
actually pays tribute to Mossadegh, stating:
There seems to be no question of the broad base of popular
support for Dr. Mosadeq at the time he ﬁrst took oﬃce as
Prime Minister. As leader of the struggle against the AngloIranian Oil Company in a country where resentment and
even hatred of the British is deep-rooted, Mosadeq could
count upon the support of people from all levels of society
with but few exceptions. For many months after the oil
nationalization, the Prime Minister’s popularity continually
mounted. To the common people, Mosadeq was looked upon
almost as a demigod.
The phenomenon of Mosadeq was almost unique in Iran.
The ﬁgure of a frail, old man, in an Oriental country where
age of itself commands respect, who appeared to be
successfully winning a battle against remarkable odds,
aroused the sympathy of all Iranians. In a country where
political corruption had been the accepted norm, there now
appeared a man whose patriotism and ﬁnancial honesty
were unassailable.¹¹

Here, the embassy paints the picture of a man of great, and
indeed unique, virtue. But this Despatch is written in a way
as to blame the victim—Mossadegh—for the problems that
would beset him—particularly the economic ones which
were bringing Mossadegh’s government to the brink of ruin.
Thus, the Despatch states that Mossadegh’s standing with
the people changed due to the worsening of the economic
and ﬁnancial situation of the country. What the memo
doesn’t acknowledge, however, is how Great Britain, with
the full support of the United States, intentionally wrecked
Iran’s economy under Mossadegh in order to bring about his
demise. And, a key to this economic warfare, of course, was
Britain’s sabotage against Iran’s oil industry and the
worldwide embargo against Iranian oil which the UK
enforced using the British Navy.
Elsewhere though, clearly acknowledging the fatal harm
intentionally being done to the Iranian economy for the past
couple of years, another, undated memorandum states the
following: “Recognizing that the economic and political
stability of Iran is to a large degree dependent on the revival
of its chief industry, both the US and UK will take
appropriate steps to encourage and facilitate the
resumption of large-scale exports of Iranian oil” after
Mossadegh was gone.¹² That is, the United States
recognized what would bring stability to the Iranian
government; it just wouldn’t do what was necessary until
Mossadegh was gone and the United States’ chosen
government was installed.
And still, even as the appointed hour for the coup
approached, the CIA was forced to acknowledge
Mossadegh’s enduring popularity with the people. Thus, in
another July 1953 memo, the CIA concludes that Mossadegh

would “receive overwhelming popular support” for his
planned referendum on dissolution of present Majlis and
“revocation of the Shah’s power to appoint prime minister
by royal ﬁrman.”¹³ That is, the CIA realized that Mossadegh
had the support of the people and that the Shah did not, but
the plan to replace Mossadegh with the rule of the Shah had
to proceed.
Then again, in a July 8, 1953, memo, Kermit Roosevelt
cites a trusted Iranian source, in an “estimate of
Mossadegh’s strength,” saying the following:
“(1) Mossadegh is the only strong political ﬁgure in Iran.
(2) Mossadegh has the conﬁdence of all people except a
few disgruntled aristocrats.
Mossadegh cannot be ousted at this time.”¹⁴
Recognizing Mossadegh’s popularity amongst the people,
and still bent upon getting rid of him just the same, the CIA
proceeded with its plan on forcing him out. And so, just
about two weeks after the previous memo assessing
Mossadegh’s formidable strength as a political ﬁgure in Iran
was sent, the CIA, by memo dated July 22, 1953, set forth
its list of people to arrest on the night of the coup.
And, of course, the list included Mossadegh himself,
amongst many others:
“A. Arrest list:
(1) To be arrested night of coup: Mossadegh, Riahi,
Ashraﬁ, Modaber Rasavi, Hassibi, Shayegan, Zirakezadeh,
Sanjabi, Khalil Maleki, Forouar of Pan Iran, Amini of
Gendarmerie, Sareshteh of M.P.
(2) Sixty members Tudeh

(3) Eventually if disturbances occur 300 other individuals
have to be jailed or placed under house arrest.”¹⁵
Memos such as this show just how much control the CIA had
over every detail of the coup. This was in fact a coup Made
in America, and it would be the ﬁrst of many such coups
that the CIA would engineer over the years to come.
Some of these documents are downright creepy, not only
setting forth “arrest lists,” but also suggesting the need for
mass murder. But before getting into what is written, it must
be noted what is not written, for there is still much listed as
“not declassiﬁed” in these CIA documents, and this
information is almost invariably under the most tantalizing
headings, such as “Political and Psychological Warfare,”
“Paramilitary Operations,” “Political Assets,” “Military
Assets,” “Religious Assets,” and my personal favorite,
“Penetration Assets.”
But what is written is frightening enough. For example, in
a July 30, 1953, CIA memo, there is a paragraph entitled,
“Roosevelt/Station Recommendation to Solve Qashqai/Amini
Problem.”¹⁶ The Qashqai is a pastoral clan made up of a
number of tribes living mostly in the Fars region of Iran, at
that time numbering in the tens of thousands, and they are
often mentioned in the memos as a “problem” for the CIA
and Roosevelt because of their strong support for
Mossadegh. The Amini appears to be a reference to the
family of Ali Amini, who was then serving in the cabinet of
Mossadegh, and again posed a challenge to Operation AJAX,
or TPAJAX as the CIA called it.
Roosevelt’s recommendation for these folks was short,
but not so sweet: “Proceed with TPAJAX and attempt to
enlist under most favorable circumstances cooperation of
certain elements of Qashqais/Aminis. If cooperation cannot

be gained they should be neutralized. This should be done
in such a way as to eliminate danger premature exposure of
TPAJAX.” Just a few months before, in a March 1 memo from
the CIA to President Eisenhower, the Qashqai had been
described as a CIA asset to whom the CIA was planning to
give small arms, ammunition, and cash to resist a potential
Communist take-over.¹⁷ Now, they were a problem to be
“neutralized.”
The term “neutralize” in CIA parlance can deﬁnitely
denote physical extermination, and that appears to be the
case here, especially given future events and given the
person of Kermit Roosevelt who, at one point in the
documents, jokingly criticizes the Shah for having “oldfashioned ideas against assassination.” Roosevelt would not
have to wait too long, however, for the Shah to get over his
“old-fashioned” sensibilities, for he would very soon
embrace the ideas of torture and murder with great élan.
In addition, while the Qashqai were originally compliant
with the coup government in August of 1953, they were
cowed into submission by Brigadier Davalu who, as
indicated in an August 21, 1953, note in the newly-released
CIA documents, warns that if the Qashqai rebel against the
new regime, they “will promptly and mercilessly be wiped
out by air and land.”¹⁸ In other words, a genocide of these
people was being threatened.
And, as recorded in an August 28, 1953, memo of what
looks like a huge meeting of the CIA, Roosevelt again states
that “fairly drastic action” must be taken with the Qashqai
clan if they don’t support the Shah, and how, with respect to
the four brothers in charge of the clan, “the time has come
for them to go.”¹⁹ Everyone in the room knows what this
means as judged by the remark of Richard Helms—by then

a longtime veteran of the CIA and its OSS predecessor, and
later to become the director of the CIA and then
ambassador to Iran. Thus, Helms quips, “When this fellow
Roosevelt says somebody has got to go, you sort of go like
this, don’t you, or they have had it?” The next three and a
half lines of dialogue, which includes two lines of remarks by
Roosevelt himself, are listed as “not declassiﬁed.”
Later in this same meeting, Roosevelt states quite
explicitly how he believed that Mossadegh’s chief of staﬀ of
the armed forces, General Taghi Riahi, “should be executed”
for his lack of loyalty to the Shah and his key role in foiling
the initial coup attempt against Mossadegh.
We would learn a little about General Riahi through an
interview he had with US General McClure at the US
Embassy shortly after the ﬁrst failed coup attempt—an
interview summarized in a telegram from the embassy
dated August 16, 1953.²⁰ In this interview, he explained how
most of the military was still loyal to Mossadegh, how the
“Army would support people,” and how, under Mossadegh,
“Iran had adopted policy of long range beneﬁt to its people;
that Iran wanted and needed sympathetic help of free world
particularly US but that she would not deviate from that
policy even though it meant loss of aid and even friendship
of US. He repeated his desire for continued help.” A man of
principles like this, as Mossadegh was as well, simply could
not be tolerated by Roosevelt and his ilk and therefore had
to be eliminated.
In the above, we witness what Hannah Arendt, in
describing the crimes of Nazi Adolf Eichmann, termed, “the
banality of evil”—that is, the commission of monstrous
deeds by seemingly normal people in an environment in
which evil has become so routine as to appear normal.

The CIA had created such an environment even back
then, and it was an environment in which neatly-groomed,
well-dressed, and spectacled killers like Kermit Roosevelt
thrived.
Richard Helms, described by one writer as “the
gentlemanly planner of assassinations,” was another who
thrived in the CIA system.²¹ Helms himself would later be
involved in plots to kill Fidel Castro and in the successful
plot to kidnap Chilean General Renee Schneider—a
kidnapping plot which resulted in Schneider’s being killed
and which paved the way for the overthrow of President
Salvador Allende.
In addition, it was Helms who, at this very time, in April
1953, proposed to Allen Dulles the idea of what became the
CIA’s infamous MK-Ultra Program, a program for the covert
use of biological and chemical agents for purposes of mind
control, psychological operations, torture, and political
assassination.²² Ex-Nazis were used to help develop this
program under a madman known as CIA operative Sidney
Gottlieb, an individual some say “personiﬁed [the] CIA’s
immoral universe” and who became the inspiration for Dr.
Strangelove.²³ This program, which was developed through
testing on unsuspecting Americans and Canadians, some of
whom lost their minds and their lives as a result,²⁴ was
oﬃcially discontinued in 1976 as the Senate, led by Senator
Frank Church, began to investigate the misdeeds of the CIA.
Helms, then CIA chief, ordered all of the ﬁles of this program
destroyed to shield the information from the investigation.
Ultimately, the neutralization of the Qashqai clan did
come as warned. In 1967, after a ﬁve-year revolt against the
Shah, the Qashqai clan rebellion was ﬁnally put down

through aerial bombardment, with the Iranian military using
two squadrons of US F-4 ﬁghter-bombers.²⁵
Meanwhile, the CIA explains that, once the coup against
Mossadegh succeeds, “the U.S. government should conﬁne
any comment upon a change in government in Iran to a
repetition of our traditional unwillingness to interfere in the
internal aﬀairs of a free country and our willingness to work
with the government in power. … The U.S. Government
should avoid any statement that the oil question is involved
in a change of government in Iran.”²⁶ In other words, the
United States should lie as usual about its true intentions in
overturning a foreign government.
The United States’ serial lying about foreign intervention
is actually raised in these documents in a quite humorous
exchange between a member of the Iranian Majlis, Dr.
Mozaﬀar Baqai, and US Ambassador Loy W. Henderson. In
this conversation, which takes place shortly after the coup
and as the new Iranian government is preparing to settle
the oil dispute on terms favorable to Britain and the United
States, Dr. Baqai says, with what appears to be complete
sincerity, “that when the United States decided for reasons
of political or military necessity to intervene in Korea it had
had to profess high-sounding and possibly ﬁctitious reasons
for its actions; in the same manner, the Iranian government
could not be completely frank with its people as to the
necessity and reasons behind an oil settlement.”²⁷
In the face of such obvious truth, Ambassador Henderson
is said to have taken “sharp issue” with Dr. Baqai, claiming
that “the United States had acted solely in order to resist
Communist aggression and to keep its word to the free
world.” Of course, this is not the case at all. Thus, while the
United States claimed, and continues to claim, that it

intervened in 1950 in response to the “invasion” by North
Korea of South Korea, this ignores the fact that the United
States had already been intervening in Korea since 1945,
helping the government in South Korea, which had
collaborated with fascist Japan, to jail and kill leftists and
nationalists who had resisted Japanese occupation.
All told, 100,000 such dissidents, though true patriots,
were killed by the South Korean government, with US
backing, before 1950.²⁸ And, during the course of the
Korean War, the US military would go on to level nearly
every building in North Korea and every one of its dams
necessary for food cultivation, engage in rape of Korean
women on a mass scale, and kill around 3 million North
Koreans. I guess this is what is meant by keeping our “word
to the free world.”
Moreover, the idea that North Korea’s crossing the
artiﬁcially-drawn thirty-eighth parallel—a line drawn
arbitrarily by two US generals as WWII was ending—could
be the business of any other country is just silly, given that
Korea had been a uniﬁed country for the two thousand years
prior.²⁹ This would be like another country intervening in the
United States because the North had crossed the MasonDixon line and “invaded” the South during the Civil War and
had even gone so far as to burn Atlanta down to the ground
in the process. Dr. Baqai was indeed no fool, knowing full
well of the United States’ dissembling and hypocrisy in such
matters.
In any case, back to the US intervention against the
Mossadegh government. Early on, as initial preparations are
being made for the overthrow, the CIA lays out a list of its
assets which it has had in Iran for some time, even before

the coup plans had been formulated and green-lighted by
Eisenhower.
Again, while many of the descriptions of these assets
remains “not declassiﬁed,” the ones now declassiﬁed, and
set forth in a March 3, 1953, CIA memo, include: “Mass
Propaganda means (press, etc.): CIA controls a network with
numerous press, political, and clerical contacts which has
proven itself capable of disseminating large-scale …
propaganda …; Poison Pen, personal denunciations, rumor
spreading, etc.: CIA has means of making fairly eﬀective
personal attacks against any political ﬁgure in Iran,
including Mossadegh. …; Street Riots, demonstrations,
mobs, etc.: CIA [less than 1 line not declassiﬁed]. … The CIA
also explains that it “has one group in Iran which, it is
believed, may be fairly eﬀective in carrying on morale
sabotage within the country and stimulating various types
of small scale resistance.”³⁰
Similarly, in another CIA memo, dated April 16, 1953, the
CIA, under a heading entitled, “Activist Assets,” discusses
the fact that “[less than 1 line not declassiﬁed] have the
capabilities of bringing out gangs of street ﬁghters. Through
[less than 1 line not declassiﬁed] contacts with leaders of
various segments of the Pan-Iranists they have encouraged
this group to engage in street ﬁghts with the Tudeh
Party….”³¹
And, of course, the CIA had stockpiles of readily-available
cash and weapons. Thus, in a March 20, 1953 progress
report to the National Security Council, the CIA explains that
“[a]t the present the CIA has a stockpile of small arms,
ammunition and demolition materiel [less than 1 line not
declassiﬁed]. The stockpile is in quantity designed to supply

a 10,000-man
resupply….”³²

guerilla

force

for

six

months

without

As one author puts it succinctly, the CIA’s “agents in
Tehran bought oﬀ secular politicians, religious leaders and
key military oﬃcers. They hired thugs to run rampant
through the street, sometimes pretending to be Mossadegh
supporters, sometimes calling for his overthrow, anything to
create a chaotic political situation. Money was spread
around the oﬃces of newspaper editors and radio station
owners as well.”³³
The plan was to create chaos and confusion which would
be blamed on Mossadegh, and then to move against
Mossadegh by arresting him at his home in the middle of
the night. The plan was to happen as follows, as a CIA
memo of July 22, 1953, lays out:
Re arrest Mossadegh: Zahedi plan as follows:
(1) Block where his house located to be surrounded by
Palace Guard.
(2) Col Daftari and Capt. Davar Panah who in charge
Mossadegh person guard are “in hand” Zahedi and at his
bidding will apprehend Mossadegh and deliver him to
Zahedi.
(3) Mossadegh will then be taken custody in village
outside Tehe [Tehran].
(4) Rumor will be circulated Mossadegh dead. This for
purpose of causing followers lose hope and rally other
banner presumably Zahedi.³⁴
The memo goes on to say that “all premises used by
political groups [are] to be closed” after the coup.

As indicated above, the ﬁrst attempt at this plan did not
succeed because Mossadegh’s chief of staﬀ, General Riahi,
who was marked as someone who should be arrested as
well on the night of the coup and who Roosevelt then
wanted killed, got wise to the plan in time and took
precautions to protect Mossadegh. The coup, at this point,
looked doomed, with a CIA memo dated August 17, 1953,
concluding: “Except in the unlikely event that a strong and
resolute opposition majority develops in some future Majlis,
any future attempt to unseat Mossadegh will necessarily be
an out-and-out coup, without legal sanction.”³⁵
However, the one thing the CIA still had going for it was
the fact that few had caught on to the fact that the United
States had been behind the attempt. And, it would in fact be
Mossadegh’s faith in, and kind feelings for, the Americans
that would ultimately be his undoing, as we shall soon see.
As an August 16, 1953, telegram from the US Embassy to
the Department of State explains, only the communist
Tudeh Party’s newspaper, Shojat, carried any account of the
attempted coup whatsoever. However, Tudeh was right on
the mark, explaining in the paper that “American
imperialists sent [General Norman] Schwarzkopf [yes, the
father of “Stormin’ ” Norman Schwarzkopf of First Gulf War
fame] as spy to court after Dulles and Eisenhower
statements with instructions present government must be
ousted by military action and replaced by government
headed by men like Alayar Saleh, General Zahedi, Hakimi,
Dr. Amini.”³⁶ Luckily for the CIA, few folks of importance
read the communist party paper, and so a second attempt
could be made.
And, this attempt was made and succeeded in a most
devious way. Thus, while Kermit Roosevelt again set plans

into to motion to cause street riots and other provocations,
while personally hiding General Zahedi until the right
moment, he needed one last ruse to pull oﬀ Operation AJAX.
There is a reference to this in the CIA documents when
Ambassador Henderson, in a telegram to the US State
Department, explains how he went to see Mossadegh at his
home. He then told the unsuspecting Mossadegh that he
was “particularly concerned [about] increasing attacks on
Americans,” and how every hour or two he was “receiving
additional reports [of] attacks on American citizens not only
in Tehran but also other localities.”³⁷ He pleaded with
Mossadegh to call on law enforcement agencies to take
aﬃrmative action to protect Americans.
What is not said here is that Henderson was meeting with
Mossadegh as part of Roosevelt’s plans to create enough
pressure to blow the lid oﬀ the situation on the streets of
Tehran. The problem, as Stephen Kinzer explains so well in
his great book All The Shah’s Men, was that Mossadegh was
too restrained in the face of the terrible violence being
stoked by the CIA.
As Kinzer relates:
The riots that shook Tehran on Monday intensiﬁed on
Tuesday. Thousands of demonstrators, unwittingly under CIA
control, surged through the streets, looting shops,
destroying pictures of the Shah, and ransacking the oﬃces
of royalist groups. Exuberant nationalists and communists
joined in the mayhem. The police were still under orders
from Mossadegh not to interfere. That allowed rioters to do
their jobs, which was to give the impression that Iran was
sliding towards anarchy. Roosevelt caught glimpses of them
during his furtive trips around the city and said that they
‘scared the hell out of him.’

The riots were working to a point, but now Roosevelt needed
an overreaction by Mossadegh to justify what amounted to a
military coup in the name of restoring order and democracy.
This is where Ambassador Henderson comes in. Thus, as
Kinzer explains, Henderson was told by Roosevelt to go to
Mossadegh and to ask him for police to crack down on the
rioters in Tehran in order to protect the lives of Americans
who were allegedly under threat and attack.
In so doing, Roosevelt and Henderson were appealing to
Mossadegh’s better angels to undo him. As Kinzer puts it,
“Roosevelt had perfectly analyzed his adversary’s psyche.
Mossadegh, steeped in a culture of courtliness and
hospitality, found it shocking that guests in Iran were being
mistreated. That shock overwhelmed his good judgment,
and with Henderson still in the room, he picked up a
telephone and called his police chief. Trouble in the streets
had become intolerable, he said, and it was time for the
police to put an end to it. With this order, Mossadegh sent
the police out to attack a mob that included many of his
own most fervent supporters.”
The fuse had been lit, and Roosevelt was ecstatic. As he
wrote in a “Telegram From the Station in Iran to the Central
Intelligence Agency,” dated August 19, 1953, “Overthrow of
Mossadegh appears on verge of success. Zahedi now at
radio station.”³⁸ Roosevelt then requested emergency
economic aid for the new government after having starved
out Mossadegh’s government, asking “urgently that 5
million dollars be held immediately available to support new
govt and enable it to meet payroll.”
By August 20, 1953, the coup had been successful, with
Mossadegh’s home being stormed and looted, and with
Mossadegh taken away under arrest. The Shah was then

summoned back from his own selﬁmposed exile at the time
prescribed by Kermit Roosevelt. As planned, the Shah’s
monarchy was fully restored and General Zahedi was
installed as prime minister in Mossadegh’s stead.
As another telegram from Roosevelt, dated August 20,
1953, rejoiced: “Complete (new government) lineup now
appointed. Momtaz had to be killed. Will keep you
advised.”³⁹ Here, Roosevelt was (quite matter-of-factly)
referring to Mossadegh loyalist Colonel Anatollo of Momtaz
who was killed attempting to protect Mossadegh.
In a record of a meeting of the CIA, dated August 28,
1953,⁴⁰ a proud and boastful Kermit Roosevelt relates the
story of how the coup proceeded. For one, he explains with
glee how the Tudeh members were mistreated—i.e., how the
Army “beat the hell out of them, and they carted away four
truckloads of bloody Tudeh.” He further relates how he was
promised by both the Shah and General Zahedi “that very
vigorous measures would be taken” against the Tudeh—at
the time of the coup, a legal political party, by the way. It is
also here where Roosevelt expresses his belief that “fairly
drastic action” must be taken with the Qashqai Clan, and
how he told the Shah that he believed that General Riahi
should be executed.
The coup government now installed, though still
precariously, any pretenses to such lofty goals as
democracy and freedom were quickly abandoned. First of
all, though one might believe that the CIA’s work was done,
it had in fact just begun, with the Directorate of Plans for the
CIA explaining in an August 1953 memo that the coup had
“created a favorable atmosphere for CIA operations in the
country.”⁴¹ He also reiterates here how “the new
government wasted no time in clamping down on the Tudeh

Party by raiding cells and publications and making arrests.”
We learn in an undated brieﬁng note for the CIA director
that in fact 1300 Tudeh members were arrested in short
order after the coup.⁴²
In a “Monthly Report Prepared in the Directorate of Plans,
CIA,” dated September 1953, it is mentioned how General
Zahedi’s government was now ﬁrmly established in light of
$45 million in emergency funds sent to him by the United
States.⁴³ Meanwhile, the CIA relates how the “Shah feels
that the Majlis should not be brought into session because a
strong authoritarian government is necessary to provide the
country’s internal stability.” Further, “The Shah … has issued
orders that Mossadegh be killed immediately by his guards
in case of any serious Tudeh rebellion.” And again, it is
explained that “CIA capabilities have become greatly
enhanced both in terms of short-term political action
programs designed to support the existing government and
in terms of long-range programs designed to promote the
internal stability, general welfare, and strong western
orientation of the country.”
On October 23, 1953, in a “Memorandum of
Conversation,” it is noted by the CIA, without too much
concern, that “of the 4,000 persons imprisoned as
suspected Communists, some 30 percent [or well over
1000] are entirely innocent.”⁴⁴ And, “the remainder” are
“only rank and ﬁle members” or “sympathizers.” Of course,
given how the CIA is deﬁning “guilt” and “innocence” here,
with someone being “guilty” if they were merely members
of the hitherto legal Tudeh Party, the percentage of
“innocent” behind bars was most likely much higher than 30
percent of the 4,000 persons imprisoned. This type of mass
and disproportionate political repression was all according to

plan, with the CIA Directorate of Plans explaining on October
29, 1953, that “through U.S. advice and good oﬃces, the
Iranian government is being encouraged in taking a ﬁrm
stand against the opposition and is conducting an intensive
drive against the Tudeh.”⁴⁵
Things continued to move quickly toward a more
repressive system in Iran, and seemingly with US approval.
For example, in a dispatch dated November 13, 1953,
Roosevelt speaks openly about how prior Iranian elections
were manipulated and stolen through tactics such as ballot
stuﬃng and false vote tallying, and that the CIA would have
to “resort to the same methods, through the government
and the Shah for the election of a Majlis favorable to our
purposes in Iran.”⁴⁶
An editorial note in the newly-released documents then
explains: “In a memorandum to Secretary of State Dulles,
July 30, 1954, Acting Special Assistant for Intelligence Fisher
Howe discussed the political prospects for Iran. He wrote
that political power in Iran was exercised by the Shah and
the landowning classes. … Iran’s power structure was
maintained by the continuance of martial law, the
enforcement of strict press censorship, the work of the
security forces, the provision of U.S. emergency aid, and the
expectation of an oil settlement in favor of Iran.”⁴⁷
Similarly, a National Intelligence Estimate dated
December 7, 1954, explains that “the principal new features
of the present power situation are: (a) the extensive use of
authoritarian
means—martial
law,
censorship,
and
prosecution or repression of opponents—to curtail
opposition to the regime and the government….” The
estimate goes on to state that “so long as Zahedi is Prime

Minister, the government will almost certainly continue a
fairly ﬁrm policy of repression.”⁴⁸
Again, there is no hint here that the coup government
had any plans on democratizing Iran, or that the United
States had any such intentions either.
Meanwhile, in a November 5, 1953, dispatch from the US
Embassy to the US State Department, we see the logical
result of the US collaboration with Nazi sympathizers. And,
apparently, like father, like son, the new Shah, who would
dub himself “Light of the Aryans,”⁴⁹ was one such
sympathizer. Thus, the embassy, again without any
apparent concern, explains that “the Shah and his
administration are encouraging the growth of quasi-military
and fascist-type groups as added insurance against the
possibility of further Tudeh mob actions.”⁵⁰
And, under the heading, “Anti-Tudeh Organizations,” the
embassy explains, “There are indications that within recent
weeks the Shah and the Government have been
encouraging the growth of quasi-military rightist parties to
be used against the Tudeh in the event of further
demonstrations. … These organizations … have all the
trappings of a falange or fascist type of group, even to their
black-shirted uniforms. The Sumka demonstrated its
strength and discipline on the occasion of the recent Sports
Festival, when approximately 500 of its members impressed
the crowds at the Stadium with a show of swastikabedecked banners carried in perfect marching order. These
organizations … almost certainly receive their excellent
ﬁnancial backing from the Shah and the administration.”
Black shirts with “swastika-bedecked banners” marching
in Tehran. Mission accomplished! Again, if this seems
surprising, one needs to look not only to history, but also to

current events to see other examples of the United States
happily working with the worst groups, including Nazis, to
obtain its goals. Again, throughout the Cold War, the United
States invariably sided with fascist and even neo-Nazi
regimes as a bulwark against Communism, socialism, and
even just liberalism, and the United States continues to side
with such elements when it suits its sometime-hard-todiscern interests.
One example during the Cold War was in Chile where the
United States helped to overthrow socialist President Dr.
Salvador Allende in a coup which closely resembled the
coup against Mossadegh and which brought to power the
fascist Pinochet regime. The nadir of Pinochet’s reign was
the bizarre state-within-a-state, Colonia Dignidad, a fascist
German colony founded by Paul Schaeﬀer, a Nazi and
former medic of the Nazi’s Luftwaﬀe.⁵¹ Colonia Dignidad
became a “clandestine detention and torture center” for the
Pinochet regime. As one victim of the Colonia’s torture
explains, “Right after the coup, the Chilean military didn’t
know how to torture. … People would die very quickly.
Germans in the colony knew how to keep a person alive for
several days or weeks while putting him through the most
terrible agony and humiliation.”⁵²
The Iranians were also novices in modern torture
techniques, and so, as we shall soon see, after the coup
against Mossadegh, the CIA helped train the Iranian security
services in torture techniques—techniques borrowed, as in
the case of Pinochet’s Chile, from the experts on such
subjects -- the Nazis.
And again, this type of alliance is not a thing of the past.
The best example of this today is in Ukraine where, as Max
Blumenthal writes, “Massive torchlit rallies pour out into the

streets of Kiev on regular occasions, showcasing columns of
Azov members rallying beneath the Nazi-inspired
Wolfsangel banner that serves as the militia’s symbol.”⁵³ As
Blumenthal explains, Azov is a militia now incorporated into
the Ukranian National Guard, and, despite its openly proNazi ideology, including violent anti-Semitism, this militia
has obtained heavy US weaponry transfers “right under the
nose of the US State Department,” while “U.S. trainers and
U.S. volunteers have been working closely with this
battalion.”
The former left-wing president of Uruguay, Jose Mujica,
who was known as the “poorest president in the world,” has
been quoted as saying that it is not even fair to call the
Azvov militiamen “neo-Nazis” because they are in fact true
Nazis, tracing their roots, and quite proudly, back to WWII.
As Blumenthal explains, they trace their history back to the
Nazi collaborationist militia known as the Organization of
Ukrainian Nationalists (OUN) which worked alongside
German troops in ﬁghting the Soviet Union and in
committing pogroms against Ukrainian Jews, with one
pogrom alone killing seven thousand Jews.
Not surprisingly, the CIA began working with the (OUN)
right after the war in attempting to counter the Soviet
Union, and the United States has been working with the
OUN and its successor groups ever since.
It should come as no surprise then, that the United States
would work with Nazi sympathizers in Iran, or that the CIA
would go on to train Iran’s security services in Nazi torture
techniques. And this is indeed just what happened.
Meanwhile, the United Kingdom and the United States
both got what they wanted all along with the fall of
Mossadegh. Thus, the Anglo Iranian Oil Company was

reorganized into British Petroleum, or BP for short.⁵⁴ And,
according to an appendix in the newly-released CIA
documents, it received 40 percent of the Iranian oil industry.
The United States received another 40 percent of the
industry, split between ﬁve companies—according to the
appendix, Gulf-International Company (8 percent), Standard
Oil Company of California (now, Chevron) (8 percent),
Standard Oil of New Jersey (now, ExxonMobil) (8 percent),
Texas Company (now, a subsidiary of Chevron) (8 percent),
and Socony-Vacuum Overseas Supply Company (now,
ExxonMobil) (8 percent). An additional 14 percent of Iran’s
industry went to Royal Dutch Shell, with the remaining 4
percent to a French company.⁵⁵
For his grand prize, Kermit Roosevelt would become VicePresident of Gulf Oil, a quite natural next job for the man
who helped make Iran safe for Western oil companies,
including Gulf itself. To his credit, though, he left the CIA for
a job at Gulf because, while forever proud of his coup
orchestration in Iran, he was not interested in going along
with the Dulles brothers’ next coup in Guatemala in 1954.⁵⁶
Roosevelt was rightly fearful that the CIA would get too used
to overthrowing foreign governments, many times against
the will of the people, and he did not believe that this was a
prudent or ethical idea.⁵⁷
As for President Eisenhower, he seemed to be less than
proud of what the United States had done in Iran. Thus, an
October 8, 1953, entry in his diary which is quoted in the
newly-released documents about the coup reads: “Another
recent development that we helped bring about was the
restoration of the Shah to power in Iran and the elimination
of Mossadegh. The things we did were ‘covert.’ If knowledge
of them became public, we would not only be embarrassed

in the region, but our chances to do anything of like nature
in the future would totally disappear.”⁵⁸ Of course,
Eisenhower would not let much time go by before he was
involved in another coup of “like nature” in Guatemala, with
possibly even more disastrous results.

5
THE CIA AND THE SAVAK
The Eisenhower-Dulles era was a Pax Americana enforced
by terror. The administration ensured U.S. postwar global
dominance by threatening enemies with nuclear annihilation
or with coups and assassinations. It was empire on the
cheap, a product of Ike’s desire to avoid another large-scale
shooting war as well as the imperial burdens that had
bankrupted Great Britain.
—David Talbot, The Devil’s Chessboard
EVER SINCE THE SHAH—“OUR BOY,” AS Kermit Roosevelt
referred to him—was overthrown in 1979, the United States
has been relentlessly involved in attempts at regime change
in Iran. These attempts continue to this day, with a number
of US leaders openly talking about the need to oust the
Islamic government.
In 2017, the United States spent over $1 million in
ﬁnancing anti-government protests in Iran and in trying to
convert spontaneous protests into a push for regime
change, and another $20 million on Voice of America’s
Persian Service which is also aimed at turning Iranian public
opinion against the government.¹ And since 2006,
successive US administrations have sought “to exploit these
crises [e.g., economic, water, and energy crises] to
undermine the legitimacy of the regime, by funding
opposition groups as well as anti-regime broadcasting to the
tune of tens of millions of dollars a year.”

As Mint Press notes, “Much of the media programming
funded by the State Department has focused on glorifying
the reign of the Shah of Iran. … The propaganda appears to
have worked, with many participants in the latest protests
calling for the Shah’s exiled son, Reza Pahlavi, to return to
power in Iran.”²
Especially given that the United States views the
restoration of the Shah as a possible option for Iran and
given that the State Department is busy spending our tax
dollars in trying to convince Iranians how great the rule of
the Shah was before his overthrow, it is worth looking at this
claim.
For many Iranians, the nature of the Shah’s reign is best
typiﬁed by his infamous security apparatus known as the
SAVAK. The nature of the SAVAK, moreover, says much
about the nature of the foreign policy of the United States
which helped to create it and support it for over twenty
years.
A great, succinct summary of the SAVAK, and the US
relationship with it, can be found in Dean Henderson’s Big
Oil & Their Bankers in The Persian Gulf:
Wherever the Four Horsemen (Exxon Mobil, Chevron Texaco,
BP Amoco & Royal Dutch/Shell) gallop the CIA is close
behind. Iran was no exception. By 1957 the Company, as
intelligence insiders know the CIA, created one of its ﬁrst
Frankensteins—the Shah of Iran’s brutal secret police known
as SAVAK.
Kermit Roosevelt, the Mossadegh coup-master turned
Northrop salesman, admitted in his memoirs that SAVAK
was 100% created by the CIA and Mossad, the Israeli
intelligence agency that acts as appendage of the CIA. For

the next 20 years the CIA and SAVAK were joined at the hip
when it came to matters of Persian Gulf security.
Three hundred ﬁfty SAVAK agents were shuttled each
year to CIA training facilities in McLean, Virginia, where they
learned the ﬁner arts of interrogation and torture. Top SAVAK
brass were trained through the US Agency for International
Development’s (USAID) Public Safety Program, until it was
shut down in 1973 due to its reputation for turning out some
of the world’s ﬁnest terrorists….
Popular anger towards Big Oil, the Shah and his new
police state resulted in mass protests. The Shah dealt with
the peaceful demonstrations with sheer brutality and got a
wink and nod from Langley. From 1957-79 Iran housed
125,000 political prisoners. SAVAK “disappeared” dissenters,
a strategy replicated by CIA surrogate dictators in Argentina
and Chile.
… In 1974 the director of Amnesty International declared
that no country had a worse human rights record than Iran.
The CIA responded by increasing its support for SAVAK.³
For its part, the Washington Post, in an article written
shortly after the Islamic Revolution, acknowledges that “the
CIA ‘deﬁnitely’ trained SAVAK agents in ‘both physical and
psychological’ torture techniques….”⁴ The article explained
that there were “joint activities ” between the SAVAK and
the CIA and Israel’s Mossad, and that “the Israelis even
wrote SAVAK’s manuals … and prepared an ill-fated eﬀort …
to undermine the growing religious impact of the
revolution.”
Well-trained by the CIA, the “Savak—Sazman-i Etelaat va
Amniyat-I Keshvar, the “National Information and Security
Organization”—was to become the most notorious and

murderous [of the Shah’s security services], its torture
chambers among the Middle East’s most terrible
institutions.”⁵
The relationship between the United States and the
SAVAK remained close. Indeed “a permanent secret U.S.
mission was attached to Savak headquarters….”⁶ In
addition, Hassan Sana, who had worked for the SAVAK,
spoke after the revolution “of how Savak agents were ﬂown
to New York by the CIA for lessons in interrogation
techniques at a secret American military base, a mysterious
journey that took four hours ﬂying across the United States
in an aircraft with darkened windows.”⁷
The SAVAK was the original incubator used by the CIA to
develop its torture techniques for world-wide distribution.
One grisly example of this was illustrated by Mohamed
Heikal, one of the “greatest Egyptian journalists, … [who]
described how Savak ﬁlmed the torture of a young Iranian
woman, how she was stripped naked and how cigarettes
were then used to burn her nipples. According to Heikal, the
ﬁlm was later distributed by the CIA to other intelligence
agencies working for American-supported regimes around
the world including Taiwan, Indonesia and the Philippines.”⁸
Meanwhile, it appears that the SAVAK was at the disposal
of US corporations doing business in Iran and wanting some
muscle to deal with their workforce. For example, an April
28, 1976, State Department cable (released on Wikileaks),
details a messy strike which US tiremaker B.F. Goodrich was
having in Iran. As the cable notes, “GOODRICH’S
MANAGEMENT HAS MET WITH THE MINISTRY AND WITH
SAVAK ON A NUMBER OF OCCASION (sic.) IN AN EFFORT TO
GET THE WORKERS BACK ON THE JOB …”⁹ I imagine the
SAVAK could be very persuasive indeed in such matters.

The techniques used by the SAVAK, many borrowed from
the Nazis and then passed along to the SAVAK by the CIA,¹⁰
were uniquely grisly and terrible. The SAVAK operated much
like the Gestapo, entering a person’s home at night, hauling
the person away and many times disappearing that person
forever. A quite ominous State Department cable (from
Wikileaks), dated March 7, 1975, describes such an event:
NYMAN INFORMS THAT WHEN ARRESTED MAJID WAS AT HIS
FAMILY HOME IN TEHRAN (118 AVENUE GHAANI—FORMERLY
TIR). HIS FATHER HADI GHAVAM INFORMED DAUGHTER
(MRS. NYMAN) THAT FIVE SAVAK MEN ENTERED HOME AT 10
P.M. AND TOOK AWAY MAJID AND FOUR OF HIS BOOKS. HE
HAS NOT BEEN HEARD FROM SINCE. FATHER ALSO SAID
FAIRLY LARGE NUMBER OF KARAJ STUDENTS ARRESTED
AROUND SAME TIME.¹¹
This is all the cable says. Most likely, Majid was taken to a
prison and tortured, and very well could have died under
torture as so many Iranians did at the hands of the SAVAK.
According to Ryszard Kapuscinski, in his wonderful, Shah
of Shahs, “The most common instrument discovered in
SAVAK quarters was an electrically heated table called the
‘frying pan,’ on which the victim was tied down by his hands
and feet. Many died on these tables. Often, the accused was
already raving by the time he entered the torture chamber
—few people could bear the screams they heard while they
waited, and the smell of burning ﬂesh.”¹² The Washington
Post, in an article written after a tour of a SAVAK torture
center just after the 1979 Revolution, explains how witness
“Korteza Amini told how his sister Fath-meh died, age 33,
after six months of torture on the heated bedsprings had
reduced her to a paralyzed wreck.”¹³

Kapuscinski does explain that some of the SAVAK’s
torture techniques were ancient and home-grown. As he
relates, “technological progress could not displace medieval
methods in this nightmare world. In Isfahan, people were
thrown into huge bags full of cats crazed and hungry, or
among poisonous snakes. Accounts of such horrors,
sometimes, of course, propagated by Savak itself, circulated
among the population for years. They were so threatening,
and the deﬁnition of an enemy of the state was so loose and
arbitrary, that everyone could imagine ending up in such a
torture chamber.”¹⁴
While well known to the Iranians and the SAVAK’s CIA
handlers, this torture took place in the shadows for many
years, for the Shah did not allow human rights groups to
view his prisons until the late 1970s. Then, the world would
learn of the cruelty being inﬂicted on the Iranian people.
As Robert Fisk explains, “The Shah was ﬁnally persuaded
to allow the International Committee of the Red Cross into
Iran’s prisons in 1977; they were allowed to see more than
3,000 ‘security detainees’—political prisoners—in eighteen
diﬀerent jails. They recorded that the inmates had been
beaten, burned with cigarettes and chemicals, tortured with
electrodes, raped, sodomized with bottles and boiling eggs.
Interrogators forced electric cables into the uterus of female
prisoners. The Red Cross report named 124 prisoners who
had died under torture.”¹⁵
The ﬁrst comprehensive report I could ﬁnd from Amnesty
International on Iran and the SAVAK was a brieﬁng dated
November 1976—just as Jimmy “Human Rights” Carter was
preparing to take oﬃce as president. The “Amnesty
International Brieﬁng, Iran, November, 1976” makes for
fascinating, if horrifying, reading, and gives one a glimpse

into the dark world which the United States played a key
role in manufacturing for the Iranian people.
Amnesty International (AI) described Iran as “in theory a
constitutional monarchy with a partially elected parliament,
but in practice the Shah has supreme authority.”¹⁶ As AI
explained, “One important instrument of the Shah’s
authority is the army … [and] the other, equally important,
is the National Intelligence and Security Organization
(SAVAK) which was formed in 1957 ‘for the purposes of
security of the country and prevention of any kind of
conspiracy detrimental to public interests….’ The head of
the SAVAK is appointed by the Shah and wields unlimited
power.”¹⁷
AI related that “the suppression of political opposition is
carried out by SAVAK with extreme ruthlessness using a
system of informers which permeates all levels of Iranian
society and which has created an atmosphere of fear
remarked on by visitors to Iran and emphasized by
opponents of the regime outside the country.”¹⁸
To put a ﬁner point on it, Robert Fisk explains that, at any
given time, the SAVAK employed up to 60,000 agents. A
WikiLeaks cable I found put this ﬁgure of SAVAK agents at
200,000.¹⁹ And in addition to these full-time employees, the
SAVAK used countless informants to maintain the reign of
the Shah. According to Fisk, “At one point, it was believed
that a third of the male population of Iran were in some way
involved in Savak, either directly or as occasional paid or
blackmailed informants. They included diplomats, civil
servants, mullahs, actors, writers, oil executives, workers,
peasants, the poor and unemployed, a whole society
corrupted by power and fear.”

With this army of informants, AI explains, academic
freedom was greatly suppressed, with “students and
university teachers … kept under surveillance by the
SAVAK.” This, combined with severe press censorship,
repressed intellectual inquiry, free speech, and even free
thought.
A March 19, 1973, cable from the State Department
which I discovered on WikiLeaks describes one example of
the repressive measures used by the SAVAK against
students who dared to protest:
LARGEST AND BLOODIEST ENCOUNTER TO DATE TOOK
PLACE
IN
TABRIZ
WHERE
STUDENTS
BEGAN
DEMONSTRATION OVER TUITION COSTS AND OTHER LOCAL
ISSUES. POLICE INTERVENED AND CONFRONTATION
ESCALATED INTO THREE DAY MELEE WITH REPORTS OF
OVER 200 STUDENTS INJURED, SOME SERIOUSLY. FIGURES
FOR STUDENTS KILLED RANGE FROM THREE TO ELEVEN BUT
PRECISE NUMBER OF CASUALTIES IS IMPOSSIBLE TO
CONFIRM. POLICE AND SAVAK EVENTUALLY RAIDED ALL
CAMPUS DORMITORIES, INCLUDING THOSE OF GIRLS,
DROVE ALL STUDENTS FROM CAMPUS AND CLOSED THE
UNIVERSITY DOWN FOR REMAINDER OF TERM.²⁰
The same cable notes that protests around the country, and
the violent response thereto, “FINALLY RESULTED IN THE
CLOSURE, TO ONE DEGREE OR ANOTHER, OF NEARLY ALL
OF IRAN’S MAJOR CENTERS OF HIGHER [EDUCATION]”.
If such an event—that is, all the country’s universities
being shut down as a government response to student
protest—took place in an adversary country like Venezuela
or the Islamic Republic of Iran today, this certainly would
make the front page of every newspaper and lead to calls

for regime change. But given that this happened under the
Shah, little attention was paid.
As the foregoing illustrates, Iran under the Shah was a
totalitarian state, ruled much like the notorious Stasis in
Communist East Germany. The United States, at the height
of the Cold War, had helped to create a totalitarian state in
order to save the world from totalitarianism, or so we have
been told. At the same time, while opposing the one-party
states of the Eastern Bloc, the United States had no problem
with the one-party state instituted by the Shah in 1975.
As AI again explains, “In 1975 the last pretense of
political freedom was removed by abolition of the token
opposition Mardom Party and the introduction of a one-party
system with the formation of the Rastakhiz (National
Resurgence) Party.” AI goes on to relate that, upon
instituting the new, one-party rule, “the Shah declared that
those who refused to support it could either leave the
country or go to prison.”²¹
AI, explaining that it was diﬃcult to get a handle on
exactly how many political prisoners there were at the time,
related that there were at least 3,200 political prisoners as
admitted to by the deputy director of the SAVAK himself,
and possibly 25,000 to 100,000 as claimed by foreign
journalists and Iranian exile groups. Those in jail for
oppositional
activities
included
“Muslim
dissidents,
members of ethnic minorities (Kurds, Baluchis, Azerbaijanis,
etc.), and Marxists, but the distinction between these groups
are often blurred….”²²
Torture was endemic, and indeed central, to the Shah’s
reign. As AI reported, “All observers to trials since 1965 have
reported allegations of torture. … Alleged methods of
torture include whipping and beating, electric shocks, the

extraction of nails and teeth, boiling water pumped into the
rectum, heavy weights hung on the testicles, tying the
prisoner to a metal table heated to white heat, inserting a
broken bottle into the anus, and rape.”²³
One former prisoner, Reza Baraheni, reported to AI the
following:
Not every prisoner goes through the same process, but
generally, this is what happens to a prisoner of the ﬁrst
importance. First, he is beaten by several torturers at once,
with sticks and clubs. If he doesn’t confess, he is hanged
upside down and beaten; if this doesn’t work, he is raped;
and if he still shows signs of resistance, he is given electric
shock which turns him into a howling dog; and if he is still
obstinate, his nails and sometimes all his teeth are pulled
out; and in certain cases, a hot iron rod is put into one side
of the face to force its way to the other side, burning his
entire mouth and tongue. A young man was killed this
way….²⁴
And the United States, while trying to claim at times that it
was unaware of the depths of depravity of the SAVAK, was
quite aware in real time what it was up to. As one example,
a State Department cable from December 5, 1978, matterof-factly details the complaints of the bazaaris about the
SAVAK:
BAZAARIS EXPRESSED GENERAL COMPLAINTS AGAINST THE
SHAH SIMILAR TO THOSE HEARD ELSEWHERE, I.E.,
CORRUPTION OF HIGH-LEVEL OFFICIALS, MURDER AND
TORTURE OF OPPOSITIONISTS, OVER-CONCENTRATION OF
POWER
AND
POOR
ECONOMIC
DECISIONMAKING.
HOWEVER, BAZAARIS CONCENTRATED THEIR IRE ON SAVAK
AND ITS FORMER CHIEF NEMATOLLAH NASSIRI. SAVAK

UNDER NASSIRI, THEY SAID, HAS KILLED AND TORUTURED
(sic.) THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE. DURING THE IMPRISONMENT
OF THE AYATOLLAH TALEGHANI, SAVAK JAILORS HAD RAPED
THE WOMEN IN HIM [His] HOME AND FORCED TALEGHANI
TO DRINK HIS JAILORS’ URINE.²⁵
According to AI, when asked about torture in Iran, the Shah
never denied it, indeed quipping to a reporter of Le Monde
on October 1, 1976, “Why should we not employ the same
methods as you Europeans? We have learned sophisticated
methods of torture from you.”²⁶ Touché!
The SAVAK did not limit its ruthless work to the four
corners of Iran. Rather, as was well known at the time, and
reported on by AI, the SAVAK’s tentacles reached into many
nations of the world, including the United States, where the
SAVAK was able to harass and hound Iranian opposition
ﬁgures and student radicals living abroad.
This even became an issue for the US Congress which
carried out some investigations into the SAVAK’s operations
in the United States. For example, a cable on WikiLeaks
describes an August 5, 1976, hearing before the House
Subcommittee on International Organizations where a
William Butler from the International Committee of Jurists
testiﬁed. The cable summarizes Mr. Butler as saying:
SAVAK HAS COMPLETE JURISDICTION OVER POLITICAL
CASES AND CRIMES AGAINST THE STATE OR THE SHAH. IN
ADDITION TO ITS ORGANIZATION OF SOME 200,000 FULL
TIME OPERATIVES IN IRAN, SAVAK IS ALSO ACTIVE IN OTHER
COUNTRIES, NOTABLY THE U.S. AND FRG.²⁷
In addition, the Shah’s repression was not reserved only for
Iranians. Thus, the Shah, always the willing pawn of the
West, helped oppress others at the West’s behest. For

example, the Shah sent four thousand troops, thirty
helicopters, and Iranian naval vessels to aid the British in
their brutal, counterrevolutionary operation in Oman in the
early to mid-1970s.²⁸ In this instance, the Shah was aiding
the British in securing its oil and ﬁnancial interests in the
quite impoverished Oman nation against revolutionary
forces who wanted an end to British colonial rule, and who
had the temerity to demand “basic female emancipation”
and “to limit men to having only one wife.” This simply
would not do, and the Shah was there to lend a hand to the
British to prevent it.
It is impossible for me to think of Iran, or of the United
States’ long-time relationship with it, without thinking of the
Shah’s violent reign and the SAVAK, which carried out
torture on a massive scale to keep the Shah in power. To
me, the very existence of the SAVAK belies any claims that
the United States somehow cares about human rights,
democracy, or freedom, or that it wants such things for the
Iranian people.
And certainly, the Iranian people must be forgiven if they
do not believe that the United States has their best interests
at heart. Indeed, knowing about the SAVAK, and the United
States’ critical role in creating and supporting it, leads me to
feel no oﬀense, and certainly no surprise, to hear that some
Iranians to this day continue to chant “Death to America,” or
continue to label the United States “the Great Satan.”
Iranians have every reason and right to feel anger and
even hatred toward the United States, not just for what has
been done to them, but also because the United States
continues to do so while holding itself out as a bright
beacon of democracy and freedom in the world. The US
pretense of being a uniquely righteous country must be

hard to bear for many in the world, not just the Iranians.
And in truth, it has become unbearable for me, and I live
here!

6
JIMMY CARTER AND THE HUMAN RIGHTS
DOUBLE STANDARD
We should cease to talk about vague and unreal objectives
such as human rights, the raising of living standards, and
democratization. The day is not far oﬀ when we are going to
have to deal in straight power concepts. The less we are
then hampered by idealistic slogans, the better.
—George Kennan, 1948
A NEWLY-RELEASED STATE DEPARTMENT MEMO, DATED May
17, 2017, and entitled “Balancing Interests and Values,” is a
rare document in which the State Department openly and
candidly articulates its longheld view that the United States
must apply a double standard to human rights to advance
US global interests.
This memo, from policy aide Brian Hook to Secretary of
State Rex Tillerson, explicitly reminds Tillerson to make sure
to treat allies and adversaries diﬀerently when it comes to
expressing human rights concerns.¹ As Hook explains to
Tillerson:
In the case of US allies such as Egypt, Saudi Arabia, and the
Philippines, the Administration is fully justiﬁed in
emphasizing good relations for a variety of important
reasons, including counter-terrorism, and in honestly facing
up to the diﬃcult tradeoﬀs with regard to human rights. It is
not as though human rights practices will be improved if
anti-American radicals take power in those countries.

Moreover, this would be a severe blow to our vital interests.
We saw what a disaster Egypt’s Muslim Brotherhood turned
out to be in power. After eight years of Obama, the US is
right to bolster US allies rather than badger or abandon
them.
One useful guideline for a realistic and successful foreign
policy is that allies should be treated diﬀerently—and better
—than adversaries. Otherwise, we end up with more
adversaries, and fewer allies. The classic dilemma of
balancing ideals and interests is with regard to America’s
allies. In relation to our competitors, there is far less of a
dilemma. We do not look to bolster America’s adversaries
overseas; we look to pressure, compete with, and
outmaneuver them. For this reason, we should consider
human rights as an important issue in regard to US relations
with China, Russia, North Korea, and Iran. And this is not
only because of moral concern for practices inside those
countries. It is also because pressing those regimes on
human rights is one way to impose costs, apply counterpressure, and regain the initiative from them strategically.
Meanwhile, Hook criticizes the foreign policy of Jimmy Carter
which he sees as an outlier amongst US presidents in the
postwar era:
President Carter upended Cold War policies by criticizing
and even undermining governments, especially in cases
such as Nicaragua and Iran. The results were unfortunate for
American interests, as for the citizens of those countries.
Carter’s badgering of American allies unintentionally
strengthened anti-American radicals in both Iran and
Nicaragua. As Jeanne Kirkpatrick wrote in 1979 criticizing
Carter’s foreign policy, “Hurried eﬀorts to force complex and

unfamiliar political practices on societies lacking the
requisite political culture, tradition, and social structures not
only fail to produce the desired outcomes; if they are
undertaken at a time when the traditional regime is under
attack, they actually facilitate the job of the insurgents.”
Kirkpatrick’s view of human rights is certainly the prevailing
one amongst US policy-makers. This view was expressed
very well in a March 6, 1975, legal advice memo to the
State Department which can be found on WikiLeaks:
2500 YEARS AGO, PERSIAN EMPIRE SET NEW STANDARDS
OF HUMAN RIGHTS FOR CONQUERED PEOPLES AND
MINORITIES. TODAY IRAN’S CONSTITUTIONAL MONARCHY
HARKS BACK TO GLORY AND POWER OF THAT ERA, BUT
WORLD’S EXPECTATIONS IN HUMAN RIGHTS FIELD ARE
HIGHER AND IRAN IS NO LONGER LEADER IN THAT FIELD. …
IN ASSESSING PROTECTION OF HUMAN RIGHTS IN IRAN, WE
MUST BE CAREFUL NOT TO PROJECT OUR OWN VALUES
DIRECTLY ONTO THE IRANIAN SCENE.²
Meanwhile, now that Iran is considered an adversary of the
United States, we are free to “project our values directly
onto the Iranian scene” as much as we would like.
While I believe that Carter’s human rights credentials are
greatly overstated, the criticisms of Carter expressed by
Jeanne Kirkpatrick, foreign policy adviser to Ronald Reagan
during his 1980 campaign and then US ambassador to the
UN, were shared by many in the US political and intelligence
establishment. Therefore, Carter had to go, and by any
means necessary. And, the means used were as nasty as
one can imagine.
As the late, great Robert Parry, who exposed the “October
Surprise,” explains, “The right-wing complaint against

Carter, as enunciated by Ronald Reagan and other
conservatives, was that the President had let the Shah of
Iran fall, had allowed the Sandinistas to claim power in
Nicaragua and had undermined anti-communist regimes in
South America and elsewhere by criticizing their human
rights records as they used ‘death squads’ and torture to
eliminate leftists” and others as well.³ Meanwhile, the Israeli
government “was livid with Carter over the Camp David
Accords in which Israel had been pressured to return the
Sinai to Egypt. [Prime Minister] Begin and his inner circle
were alarmed at the prospect of a reelected Carter
pressuring Israel to give up the West Bank too.”
As Parry explains, in response to these alleged “crimes”
of Carter, senior Republicans, including George H.W. Bush
(former CIA director and then Reagan’s running mate), highlevel CIA oﬃcers not appointed by Carter, and Israeli
intelligence used long-time assets in Tehran—assets which
both the United States and Israel had cultivated for years
under the Shah—to prevail upon the Iranian hostage takers
to hold the American hostages at the former US Embassy
longer in order to undermine Carter’s chances at re-election.
Parry writes, “The idea was that by persuading the Iranians
to hold the 52 American hostages until after the U.S.
presidential election, Carter would be made to look weak
and inept, essentially dooming his hopes for a second
term.”
According to Parry, Israeli intelligence agent Ari BenMenashe, among other “October Surprise” witnesses, gave
sworn testimony about the “meetings between Republicans
and Iranians in 1980 that were designed with the help of CIA
personnel and Israeli intelligence to delay release of the 52
hostages until after Carter’s defeat.”

Parry quite correctly compares this coup plot against
Carter to the plot against Mossadegh, though, of course, the
target of the coup plot in this case was a sitting US
president. There is probably no better illustration of the
United States’ habitual overthrow of foreign governments
coming back to haunt us, and our own democracy, than this
event. And, it should not be surprising that the chickens
would come back to roost in this way. When any individual
or institution (e.g., the CIA) becomes too comfortable with
making deals with devils to obtain such ends as regime
change elsewhere, it is but one small step beyond this to
making such deals to implement regime change at home. In
this way, the CIA and its immoral coup plotting has become
a grave danger to our own republic, or what is left of it.
Carter can aptly be compared to Mossadegh in at least
one other respect—just as Mossadegh, Carter did not really
pose a threat to US foreign policy objectives or practices. In
the case of Carter, he never represented a real threat to the
nearly invariable US practice of ignoring the human rights
abuses of US allies. Simply put, Carter did not represent the
sea change in US human rights and foreign policy that he is
given credit, or blame, for depending upon which
perspective one has of such matters.
As Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting (FAIR) relates,
Carter continued to back such dictators as Ferdinand
Marcos, and he increased military aid to Indonesia even as it
was massacring hundreds of thousands of innocents in East
Timor.⁴
Another good example of Carter’s business-as-usual
approach to foreign policy is El Salvador, a “death squad”
state which Carter funded through some of its worst crimes.
Indeed, Carter disregarded the personal plea made to him

by a letter, dated February 19, 1980, from Archbishop Oscar
Romero who, appealing to Carter’s Christian faith and stated
commitment to human rights, begged Carter to stop funding
the Salvadoran military.
Archbishop Romero had been a quite conservative priest
in El Salvador, and indeed was elevated to archbishop by
Pope Paul VI precisely because he was seen as someone
who would not rock the boat too much. Romero was
transformed, however, when his friend, Father Rutilio
Grande, was murdered, along with a teenager and an old
man who happened to be with him, by Salvadoran police.
Romero became radicalized by this experience and became
an outspoken advocate for the poor and oppressed and
against state repression.
A number of clerics were killed in the course of El
Salvador’s internal conﬂict. Indeed, when I was an
international observer of El Salvador’s ﬁrst elections after
the civil war in 1994, I stayed on the ﬂoor of a church and
slept under the photos of Father Grande and several other
priests killed during this period.
In Romero’s eloquent letter to Carter, which I reproduce
in its entirety as it could have been written on behalf of so
many peoples victimized by US aggression, he stated:
In these last days there has appeared in the national press a
report that troubles me deeply. According to it, your
government is studying the possibility of supporting and
aiding economically and militarily the government junta [of
El Salvador].
Because you are a Christian and because you manifested
that you wish to defend human rights, I dare to expose my

pastoral point of view regarding this news and make a
concrete petition to you.
I am deeply troubled by the news that the government of
the United States should be studying the way to favor the
militarist path of El Salvador by sending military equipment
and advisors to “train three Salvadoran battalions in
logistics, communications and intelligence.” In the event
that this journalistic information is true, your government’s
contribution, rather than favoring greater justice and peace
in El Salvador will make injustice and repression against the
organization of the people, who have been struggling for the
respect of their most fundamental rights, even more acute.
The current ruling Junta, and above all the armed forces
and security forces, have unfortunately not demonstrated
their capacity to resolve the grave national problems
through political practice and structural means. In general,
they have only resorted to repressive violence, producing a
volume of dead and wounded that is greater than that of
recent military regimes whose systematic violation of
human rights was condemned by the Inter-American
Commission on Human Rights.
The brutal way in which the security forces recently
evicted and assassinated the occupants of the headquarters
of the Christian Democratic Party despite that the Junta and
the government (it would appear) did not authorize that
operation is evidence that the Junta and the Christian
Democrats do not govern the country, but rather, the
political power is in the hands of military men without
scruples, who only know how to oppress the people and
favor the interests of the Salvadoran oligarchy.
If it is true that this past November, “a group of six
Americans spent time in El Salvador supplying two hundred

thousand dollars’ worth of gas masks and bullet proof vests
and instructing on their use against demonstrators,” you
yourself must know that clearly since then the security
forces, acting with greater personal protection and
eﬀectiveness, have repressed the people even more
violently, using deadly weapons.
As such, given the fact that as a Salvadoran, and as
Archbishop of the Archdiocese of San Salvador, I have the
obligation to watch so that faith and justice reign in my
country, I ask that if you truly want to defend human rights:
– You prohibit this military aid to the Salvadoran
government.
– You guarantee that your government not intervene
directly or indirectly with military, economic and diplomatic
pressure.
At this time, we are living through a grave economic and
political crisis in our country, but it is doubtless that each
time the people have increased their conscience and their
organization and have empowered themselves to become
the driving force which is responsible for the future of El
Salvador, and the only one capable of overcoming this
crisis.
It would be unjust and deplorable that by the interference
of foreign powers the Salvadoran people were frustrated,
they were repressed, and impeded in deciding with
autonomy over the economic and political trajectory that
our country should follow.
It would suppose violating a right that the Latin American
bishops gathered in Puebla publicly acknowledged when we
said: “The legitimate self-determination of our countries that
permits them to organize according to their own disposition

and history, and to cooperate in a new international
order…” (Puebla Synod, 505.)
I hope that your religious convictions and your
sensibilities in pro defense of human rights will compel you
to accept my petition, avoiding with it a major spilling of
blood in my long-suﬀered country.⁵
Sadly for Romero, he just did not understand the fact that
US foreign policy is not guided by such fanciful things as
Christianity, human rights, morality, or just plain human
decency. Rather, it is guided by the will to power and
wealth, even despite the lofty rhetoric of such leaders as
President Carter.
And so, Carter did not even have the decency to reply to
Romero himself, but instead gave the honor of a reply to
Secretary of State Cyrus Vance who sent a patronizing note
back, making it clear that the United States would continue
to double down on the Salvadoran military. As Vance wrote
on March 1, 1980:
The President has asked that I respond to your letter of
February 17 regarding the situation in El Salvador and
expressing your frank views on United States assistance to
the Revolutionary Junta of Government. We are pleased to
see conﬁrmed that you and the President have many goals
and concerns in common. As you note, the advancement of
human rights has been and remains one of the principal
foreign policy goals of our government and I assure you that
it underlies every aspect of United States policy towards El
Salvador.
The Revolutionary Junta of Government has shown itself
to be moderate and reformist. The United States, dedicated
by tradition and long practice to democratic principles, is

anxious about El Salvador’s grave political crisis and stands
ready to contribute to peaceful and progressive solutions.
We believe the reform program of the Revolutionary Junta of
Government oﬀers the best prospect for peaceful change
toward a more just society. We therefore have responded to
the Junta’s request for our assistance to help carry out its
goals….
We appreciate your warnings about the dangers of
providing military assistance given the traditional role of the
security forces in El Salvador. As we consider any request
for such assistance, I can assure you that whatever military
assistance may be provided will be directed at helping the
government to break with this tradition and to defend and
carry forward its announced program of reform and
development. We are as concerned as you that any
assistance we provide not be used in a repressive manner.
Therefore, any equipment and training which we might
provide would be designed to overcome the most serious
deﬁciencies of the armed forces, enhancing their
professionalism so that they can fulﬁll their essential role of
maintaining order with a minimum of lethal force.
I believe there is no real contradiction between proper
law enforcement and respect for human rights. I will use our
inﬂuence to avert any misuse of our assistance in ways that
injure human rights of the people of El Salvador and will
promptly reassess our assistance should evidence of such
misuse develop. However, we hope you will agree that a
less confrontational environment is necessary to implement
the kind of meaningful reform program you have long
advocated.
I thank you for sharing your concerns with us and assure
you that your views are being given careful consideration by

the President and the United States Government. I believe
that we are all committed to the advancement of human
rights and democratic principles. We share a repugnance for
the violence provoked by both extremes that is taking the
lives of innocent people. We deplore the eﬀorts of those
seeking to silence the voices of reason and moderation with
explosives, intimidation, and murder, the great, moral
authority of the Church, and your uncompromising defense
of human rights and dedication to non-violence convince me
that our shared values can be the basis of a cooperative
eﬀort in search of peaceful solutions.
The United States will not interfere in the internal aﬀairs
of El Salvador. Nevertheless, we are gravely concerned that
the threat of civil war in your country could endanger the
security and well-being of the whole Central American
region. We shall continue to do what we can to respond to
the legitimate requests of the Revolutionary Junta of
Government in its eﬀorts to correct economic and social
injustice and promote respect for democratic procedures
and the rights of the individual.
I wish you every success in carrying out your heavy
pastoral responsibilities amid the new demands that the
threat of civil war has imposed on you. You have a major
role to play in helping your fellow countrymen ﬁnd peaceful
solutions to their problems. May God give you wisdom and
strength in this diﬃcult task.⁶
Despite Cyrus Vance’s well-wishes, Archbishop Romero
would be unable to carry out his “heavy pastoral
responsibilities” much longer, for within a mere three weeks
of receiving this letter, he himself was killed by the security
forces of the “moderate and reformist” Salvador
government which he had warned Carter about. He was

killed just after saying mass. And, in his last sermon before
his death, as recounted by Noam Chomsky and Edward S.
Herman in their landmark book, Manufacturing Consent,
Romero “appealed to members of the army and the security
forces to refuse to kill their Salvadoran brethren, a call that
enraged the oﬃcer corps trying to build a lower-class
military that was willing to kill freely.”⁷
Even Romero’s assassination, or Christian martyrdom as
many around the world believe it to be, did not move Carter
into halting military aid to El Salvador. Indeed, quite to the
contrary, as Chomsky and Herman explain, “The Carter
Administration had been so disturbed by Romero’s
opposition to its policies that it had secretly lobbied the
pope to curb the archbishop.”
Carter was given a bit of pause, however, when, in
December of the same year (1980), four American church
women of the Catholic Maryknoll religious order were
brutally raped and murdered by right-wing death squad
forces closely aligned with the Salvadoran military. Carter
did suspend military aid to El Salvador just after this event,
but then quickly reinstated it within weeks, and just in time
to turn over the reins to Ronald Reagan who would really
ramp up the repression in El Salvador.
In short, Carter never lived up to all the hype of his selfproclaimed human rights presidency. And, when it came to
his policy with regard to Iran and the Shah, Carter would act
just as all the presidents before him, backing the Shah even
as he killed thousands of civilians in a last-ditch eﬀort to
cling to power.
Meanwhile, lest the events in El Salvador in the 1980s
seem too remote from the subject of this book, it is
important to note that the United States has consciously

utilized the “Salvador option” in countries like Iraq and
Afghanistan to put down insurgencies, and the United States
even called upon veterans of the war in El Salvador to help.
Thus, as the Guardian of London explained, Retired
Colonel Jim Steele, who headed up special forces advisers in
El Salvador in the 1980s, was recruited to serve as
“secretary Donald Rumsfeld’s personal envoy to Iraq’s
Special Police Commandos….”⁸ The Guardian, which could
easily have been describing El Salvador’s death squad units,
characterized the Iraqi Special Police Commandos as “a
fearsome paramilitary force that ran a secret network of
detention centres across the country—where those
suspected of rebelling against the US-led invasion were
tortured for information.”
As the Guardian related, the job of advising and training
brutal paramilitary force in Iraq “was a role made for Steele.
The veteran had made his name in El Salvador almost 20
years earlier as head of a US group of special forces
advisers who were training and funding the Salvadoran
military to ﬁght the FMLN guerrilla insurgency. These
government units developed a fearsome international
reputation for their death squad activities.”
The Guardian further notes, in an unintentional rebuke to
Cyrus Vance who claimed to Archbishop Romero that the
Carter
Administration
was
seeking
“peaceful
and
progressive solutions” in El Salvador, that “the arming of
one side of the conﬂict by the US [which began under
Carter] hastened the country’s descent into a civil war in
which 75,000 people died and 1 million out of a population
of 6 million became refugees.” And, while Vance in his letter
decried the violence on both sides of the political spectrum
in El Salvador, it was in truth the forces which the United

States funded which carried out the lion’s share of the
violence. Thus, as El Salvador’s Truth Commission would
later conclude, “85% of ‘serious acts of violence’ were
attributed to the state” which the United States backed
throughout the conﬂict.
In truth, the United States’ “Salvador option,” or option of
creating, training, and arming indigenous paramilitary death
squad units to destroy local insurgencies, really began in
Colombia in the early 1960s, was then carried out in
Vietnam, and continues to this day in countries such as
Afghanistan and Syria.
And so, Romero’s words to Carter shortly before his death
ring as powerful and true as they did then, and they
continue to be ignored by successive US presidents.

7
THE SHAH’S REIGN BEGINS TO CRUMBLE
If you watch the movie Argo, you will see the quite amusing
scene of young people in the former US Embassy pasting
together the conﬁdential and secret documents which the
Embassy staﬀ had feverishly shredded before the hostagetaking in 1980. This amazing puzzle-like project did take
place, and, over many years, the documents were put back
together.
As journalist Robert Fisk explains:
A team of twenty students was gathered to work on the
papers. A ﬂat board was ﬁtted with elastic bands to hold the
shreds in place. They could reconstruct ﬁve to ten
documents a week. They were the carpetweavers, carefully,
almost lovingly re-threading their tapestry. Iranian carpets
are ﬁlled with ﬂowers and birds, the recreation of a garden
in the desert; they were intended to give life amid sand and
heat, to create eternal meadows amid a wasteland. The
Iranians who worked for months on those shredded papers
were creating their own unique carpet, one that exposed the
past and was transformed into a living history book amid
the arid propaganda of the revolution. High-school students
and disabled war veterans were enlisted to work on this
carpet of papers. It would take them six years to complete,
3,000 pages containing 2,300 documents, all eventually
contained in 85 volumes.¹
The documents painstakingly put back together by the
Iranians, known as the “Documents from the U.S. Espionage

Den,” are now online and make for fascinating reading.²
They detail the ﬁnal years of the Shah and the support the
United States would give him until the very end. Unless
otherwise noted, I cite those documents here in a short
history of the fall of the last Shah of Iran.
The last few years of the Shah were marked by huge
protests and equally massive repression in response. As a
December 5, 1978, State Department cable I discovered on
WikiLeaks related:
DOMONSTRATIONS (sic.): ACCORDING TO JAFFARI, NIGHT OF
DEC 2 WAS PARTICULARLY VIOLENT IN BAZAAR AREA.
TROOPS KILLED SOME 300 DEMONSTRATORS. JAFFARI
CLAIMED TO HAVE SEEN THE SHOOTING AND THE BODIES
LITTERING SAR CHESHMEH STREET. DURING CLEANUP THE
SHOES LEFT LYING IN THE STREET FILLED TWO LARGE
GUNNY³
Robert Fisk describes a demonstration with much greater
numbers of casualties. As he explains, “Street marches in
Tehran were more than a million strong. Revolutionary
literature still claims that the Shah’s army killed 4,000
demonstrators in Jaleh Square in Tehran on 8 September,”
1978.⁴
Imagine:
Four
thousand
people
killed
in
one
demonstration! If such a thing happened in Venezuela or
Cuba, or in Iran in 2018, this would be cause for the United
States to send in the 82nd Airborne. In addition, such an
event would be cause for great media fanfare if it happened,
say, in China, for example, during the Tiananmen Square
protests ten years later in which three hundred to three
thousand protestors were killed.

The Tiananmen Square protests and massacre live in
infamy, and in the collective consciousness, while the Jaleh
Square massacre in Tehran is forgotten in the West, if it was
ever known about to begin with. But again, the Jaleh Square
massacre happened in the Shah’s Iran, and the West happily
supported this repression. The “Documents from the U.S.
Espionage Den” prove this.
For example, a telegram from the US Embassy in Tehran
(Secret), dated November 2, 1978, discusses the following
topic: “Looking Ahead: The Military Option.” Here, the
Embassy talks about the Shah’s stated option of a military
takeover as a last-ditch eﬀort to protect his reign. As the
Embassy explains:
Any takeover would have to involve a very hard crack-down
on demonstrators in the streets, students and professors
demonstrating in the universities, school children and
teachers demonstrating in the schools, religious leaders and
their bazaari merchant backers, left-wingers and all sorts,
and suﬃcient numbers of striking workers to get all strikers
back on the job. Some curbs on the press would be
inevitable. The momentum of this operation would involve
thousands of arrests, among the ﬁrst probably being many
of the political prisoners that have been released over the
past year or two. … Given the pro-government passivity of
large areas of the countryside (many of them inhabited by
Sunni Moslem tribes who were paciﬁed by Reza Shah and
the present Shah not long ago) the army should be able to
handle disturbances outside the larger cities. For urban
purposes, the police and SAVAK would have to be given a
freer hand than in recent months, perhaps assisted by some
of military intelligence in whom the army high command
would have greater conﬁdence. To be eﬀective the takeover

would have to turn Iran back in to the tightly controlled
state it was before liberalization began in mid-1976.
We are quiet [sic.] sure this can be done—but at a cost.⁵
The Embassy, referring to the United States’ crimes in other
theaters of the world, sets forth some of the possible costs:
“The international outcry in the U.S and elsewhere would
reach new decibel levels. The situation would in this sense
be less comparable to Lebanon today than to the regime of
the Colonels in Greece or to Latin American Juntas over the
years. Blood-shed would increase and aﬀect larger numbers
of the population than ever before in Pahlavi history.”⁶
However, the Embassy of Jimmy “Human Rights” Carter
made it clear that this was a price which may have to be
paid to allow our partner in crime, the Shah, to cling to
power: “Our long association with the Shah’s regime and his
army would make us a target for the accusation that we
were behind the takeover and continuing to support it
against the will of the Iranian people. Perhaps this will prove
to be an unavoidable penalty we will have to pay, but we
should be under no illusion that a penalty it will be, counting
against us in world public opinion and probably returning to
haunt us in Iran once the military regime has run its
course.”⁷
This document is signed by William Sullivan, Carter’s
ambassador to Iran.
At this point, it may be of value to revisit the United
States involvement in the rise of the “Colonels in Greece”
and the Juntas in Latin America. Just after WWII, Britain and
the United States intervened in the Greek civil war on behalf
of the fascists against the Greek left which had successfully
ousted the Nazis from Greece—a formidable feat given that

Britain had intervened during WWII against the left-wing
guerillas. With the help of Britain and the United States, the
fascists prevailed in the post-WWII civil war in Greece and
“instituted a highly brutal regime, for which the CIA created
a suitably repressive internal security agency (KYP in
Greek),”⁸ just as it had helped create the repressive SAVAK
in Iran. The fascist government erected a statue of Harry S.
Truman in Athens as thanks for the United States’ role in the
coup under his leadership. This statue has been blown up,
rebuilt, and blown up again several times.
And then, much to the chagrin of both Britain and
America, democracy broke out again in Greece—the country
which, as we all know, invented democracy—when liberal
George Papandreou was elected in 1964. Just before the
1967 elections which Papandreou was sure to win again, a
joint eﬀort of Britain, the CIA, Greek Military, KYP and US
military stationed in Greece brought about a military coup
which brought the fascists back to power. And, as with the
Shah in Iran, the new rightist government immediately
instituted “martial law, censorship, arrests, beatings, and
killing, the victims totaling 8,000 in the ﬁrst month. …
Torture, inﬂicted in the most gruesome ways, often with
equipment supplied by the United States, became routine.”⁹
Sound familiar?
As for the Latin American Juntas brought to power and/or
backed by the United States, these are too numerous to
detail in a book on Iran, but a short list would include the
following: the genocidal military dictatorship brought to
power in 1954 (just after the Iranian coup) in Guatemala,
again by the Dulles brothers who successfully overthrew the
democratic presidency of Jacobo Arbenz in the interests of
the United Fruit Company in which both brothers had an

interest; the rightist and repressive military government
brought to power in 1964 in Brazil through a CIA-backed
coup to destroy the burgeoning Liberation Theology
Movement there; the Pinochet dictatorship in Chile which
the CIA helped bring to power in the interest of such
companies as ITT and Kennecott Copper, overthrowing
democratically-elected President Salvador Allende in the
process; the fascist Argentine Junta which the United States
helped come to power and then supported as it famously
disappeared thirty thousand dissidents, many times stealing
their children in the process and giving them over to loyal,
rightist families; the murderous military dictatorship in El
Salvador which the Carter and Reagan Administrations
backed to the hilt as it was responsible for killing about 80
percent of the seventy-ﬁve thousand civilians murdered
during its reign.
In short, the story is not a pretty one, and William
Sullivan, who, during the US war on Vietnam personally
oversaw the massive and secret bombing of Laos¹⁰—Laos
suﬀering the greatest bombing barrage ever in human
history—was quite aware how the world viewed the United
States in light of its role in helping bring about and defend
some of the most brutal regimes in the world.
And yet, when considering what he believed to be the
possible necessity of the Shah—only one in a line of so
many repressive dictators sponsored by the United States—
to defend his regime with further brutality, Sullivan opined
that such brutality, and the global outrage that would surely
follow against the United States, was probably worth it. And,
Sullivan was the ambassador to Iran, as he had been the
ambassador to Laos. So much for diplomacy!

As the United States today is estimated to provide
military support to about 73 percent of the world’s
dictatorships,¹¹ one must wonder at what point the many
exceptions to the United States as defender of democracy
and freedom in the world have swallowed the rule, and
whether the United States has any moral authority at all to
decide which governments, or “regimes,” will stay or go. I
would argue strenuously that even assuming, arguendo,
that any nation has such authority, whether legal, moral, or
otherwise—a quite dubious proposition to begin with—the
United States lost such moral authority long ago.
Another telegram from Ambassador Sullivan dated
November 8, 1978, shows the depth of the Iranians’ anger
towards the Shah for his crimes against them. Talking about
some of the demonstrations in Iran, Sullivan writes:
Bazaaris led oﬀ with passionate rehearsal of Shah’s sins
over past 5-6 years and that of people who have surrounded
him such as SAVAK’s Nassiri. Almost every family has
someone who has been killed or gone to prison.
They detailed speciﬁc cases of political prisoners such as
one Farhad Menukade and his brother who were arrested for
possession of religious books by Ayatollah Khomeini and
have been in Qasr Prison for four years. … There are other
examples of some 3 to 4 thousand political prisoners they
believe are still being held in jail. Only better known cases
have been released. Visitors to these prisons are badly
treated by oﬃcials. … The Govt has burned mosques. They
have imposed controls on the bazaar—breaking the network
which assured them due representation in the govt.¹²
An airgram from the American Consul in Shiraz to the
Department of State, dated November 21, 1978, shows that

US diplomats were quite aware of why the people of Iran
were rising up against their man in Tehran:
The intractability of anti-regime sentiment relates to its
extent and the profundity with which it is felt among
members of the Iranian population at large. Opposition has
assumed a highly moral basis, whether it be in terms of
reaction to the secularization of the state and the gross
materialism of the nouveau riche or the perception that the
Shah, his family and his coterie represent evil incarnate. …
Corruption, too, must be viewed in these terms. Its degree
of pervasiveness is less important than its symbolic value in
the popular mind for the inherent evil of the Pahlavi dynasty.
This issue, along with degeneracy in high places and
institutionalized torture, has taken on a political reality of its
own in recent weeks.¹³
However, the fact that the Shah represented “evil
incarnate” to the Iranians, was not cause for the US to
abandon him. Thus, just two days later, on November 30,
1978, Ambassador Sullivan sent a telegram to the secretary
of state saying that, “while we realize distrust which most
opposition leaders have in Shah’s promises, we believe it is
unrealistic to insist on Shah’s abdication.”¹⁴
And, Jimmy Carter himself found a way to communicate
with the Shah his continued support of him, even in the
eleventh hour of his rule. Thus, in a letter dated December
1, 1978, W. W. Blumenthal, the secretary of the treasury,
addresses his “Imperial Majesty” (the Shah), and told him: “I
have reported to President Carter on our conversation and
he has asked me to repeat to you his ﬁrm intention to
support your eﬀorts to restore civil order and to move
toward a broadly-based civilian government as soon as

circumstances permit.”¹⁵ Carter’s message to the Shah, in
other words, was: keep up the military rule and the
bloodletting until the people are suﬃciently beaten down,
and then get back to “civilian” rule—meaning continued rule
by the Shah and his SAVAK—when you feel like it.
In this same letter, we learn why Carter is continuing to
back the Shah and his imposition of martial law—Oil! Thus,
Blumenthal tells the Shah, “I particularly appreciate the role
you expect Iran to play at the forthcoming OPEC
Conference. Moderation in setting petroleum prices will be
vitally important for the success of the President’s eﬀorts to
combat inﬂation and to correct the unwarranted decline of
the dollar.”¹⁶
Here, we see that Carter was really not so much diﬀerent
than any other president, in the end caring more about
profane things like oil than such lofty issues as human
rights. And indeed, in his State of the Union Address, on
January 23, 1980, Carter would announce the plan which
would govern US policy in the Middle East to this day. Now
known as “the Carter Doctrine,” this policy provides that the
United States will use military force if necessary to defend
its interests (again, meaning oil) in the Persian Gulf. An
extension of the Monroe Doctrine, and its Roosevelt
Corollary, which provide that the United States may
intervene in its “backyard” of Latin America and the
Caribbean at any time to defend its interests, Carter was
now announcing that the reach of the United States
extended throughout the world.
A number of these documents, like nearly all public
pronouncements of the US foreign policy establishment,
show a feigned surprise at how the United States, and Israel
as well, are viewed in all of this. Thus, in a telegram to the

US Embassy in London, and dated December 2, 1978, the
US secretary of state says, with no apparent irony: “The USG
is frequently accused by the opposition as having installed
the Shah and keeping him in power. Israel is sometimes
depicted as a junior partner of the U.S.”¹⁷
The US government is accused of installing and
supporting the Shah? This is presented as a mere
accusation just one day after President Carter had pledged
allegiance to the Shah even as his regime was in its death
throes. And Israel, whose Mossad had also been training the
SAVAK, is a junior partner of the United States? This reminds
me of the line in the movie Casablanca, when Captain Louis
Renault exclaims, “I am shocked—shocked—to ﬁnd that
gambling is going on in here!” This is meant to be a funny
line, because he obviously knows that gambling is going on
in the saloon. The similar line of the secretary of state would
be funny too, if it weren’t so downright infuriating.
In this same telegram, the secretary of state shows that
he knows the end may be near for the Shah. Thus, he
discusses what a possible new government might look like if
the Shah is overthrown, stating that it “would probably
project militant nationalism, Islam and (probably) socialism,
with intentions of non-alignment, non-interventionism, and
anti-Western rhetoric. Ties with Israel and South Africa
would be cut.” He was mostly right with his predictions,
showing that he knew more than his other statement might
let on. The only part that would not really come to fruition
was the “socialism” part; that was seen to by the Shah’s
brutal suppression of the Iranian left with the strong support
of the United States.
As for the breaking of ties with both Israel and South
Africa, that did happen right after the 1979 Revolution, with

the new government arguing that it would not have
relations with either country which it viewed to be apartheid
states. In breaking ties with Apartheid South Africa, Iran
would indeed show an enlightenment that neither the
United States nor Israel had, with the two latter countries
supporting Apartheid South Africa almost to the bitter end.
For its part, the United States, whose CIA helped arrest
Nelson Mandela back in 1962, leading to his twenty-sevenyear incarceration, would keep Mr. Mandela on its “terrorist
list” until 2008. In the case of Israel, the only nuclear state
in the Middle East with about two hundred nuclear missiles,
it received much of its uranium for its nuclear program from
the Apartheid South African government.
Another revealing little document is a letter from the
oﬃce of the director of Central Intelligence. This letter,
speciﬁcally from the CIA’s Deputy Director for National
Foreign Assessment Robert R. Bowie to Bill (Ambassador
William Sullivan), is dated December 14, 1978, and reads, in
pertinent part, “My special thanks for your hosting the
cocktail party, which enabled me to have some less formal
conversations with several Iranian military and SAVAK
people.”¹⁸ Incredibly, the United States has done its level
best to claim that it was not tied to the SAVAK, but here you
have a high-ranking CIA oﬃcial meeting with “SAVAK
people” about a month and a half before the Shah would be
driven out of power. Even more revealing, it appears that
the US ambassador hosted these “SAVAK people” at an
Embassy cocktail party.
The hits keep coming, with the US diplomatic staﬀ
acknowledging another big issue the people had with the
Shah beyond his systematic torture of them, and that was
rampant corruption which many times took the form of

misuse and misappropriation of US ﬁnancial and economic
assistance—assistance the United States refused to give to
poor Mohammad Mossadegh. Thus, in a Dec. 15, 1978, air
gram from the American Consul in Shiraz (yes, that is where
the famous wine originally came from) to the Department of
State, the author writes,
Corruption has become a major political issue in Iran in
recent weeks, with much criticism of the Shah being
couched in terms of the corrupt activities of some of his
closest advisors and even members of his family. The
outrage which has emerged against the phenomenon is
certainly widespread, cutting across social and economic
class lines, and it appears to be deeply felt. Further,
corruption, as the term is usually deﬁned, has
unquestionably been a pervasive fact of Iranian life, and the
magnitude of some of the rip-oﬀs which have been in the
news of late is impressive by any standard. It was perhaps
inevitable that the vast amounts of money involved in many
of the grandiose projects undertaken in Iran during the last
decade would constitute temptations for illicit gains that
could not be resisted.¹⁹
The corruption and greed of the Shah was indeed
impressive. Today, one can visit his incredible golden palace
in Tehran, now a museum, which is truly a site to behold.
This is compared to the Ayatollahs, who, say what you will
about them, have lived in very modest accommodations.
There is another telling line in the air gram from the
Consul in Shiraz which is breathtaking in its matter-offactness. Thus, the Consul states, “Even a man such as
former Prime Minister Ali Amini appears more intent on
blood than social equity in the distribution of economic

wealth. He recently suggested that in view of the thousands
of children who had been killed for reading proscribed
literature (sic), it was not too much to ask that a hundred
plutocrats be hanged.”
Thousands of children killed for reading banned
literature? Naturally one does a double take at this. But it
was true. As the US diplomats in Iran were quite aware,
children were killed in Iran for “crimes against the state.” In
his book, Shah of Shahs, Kapuscinski talks about a threeyear-old prisoner of the SAVAK who was, as was very
common, locked up with his whole family.
But this is what the United States was buying into in
supporting the Shah, and support him the United States
would. Thus, in a Department of State memo classiﬁed as
“Secret/Nodis,” and dated December 19, 1978, Henry
Precht, who held the key position of Iran country director in
the US State Department, candidly states what few would
admit publicly, or even privately: “It will be extremely
diﬃcult for the U.S., which has supported one man for three
decades and daily reaﬃrmed that support in the strongest
terms during the past three months, to claim victory when
he is dumped.” Further in the memo, he reiterates that the
US position in the Middle East “has been seriously
weakened during the past three months because of our
delayed perceptions, hesitancy to make hard choices, our
unwavering support for the Shah and the anti-Americanism
that has ﬂourished.”²⁰
Precht’s advice to the State Department is that “we
should begin now to educate the Saudis and others about
what the Shah’s problem is, e.g., a loss of support and
credibility because of corruption, harsh police methods, lack
of political freedom, etc.”

This a particularly revealing document, as it admits that
the Carter Administration, despite its professed dedication
to human rights, reaﬃrmed daily its support for the Shah
even as it was becoming apparent that his days were
numbered due to his own brutality and corruption, both of
which the Carter Administration was quite aware of.
Moreover, as reﬂected in a “State Department
Conﬁdential Country Team Report of December 27, 1978,”
the Carter Administration was quite aware that Khomeini
was publicly pleading with him “to pull back from his strong
stands in support of the Shah.”²¹ This is reminiscent of
Archbishop Romero’s letter to Carter sometime later. And,
as with the plea from Archbishop Romero, Carter would
disregard Khomeini’s plea as well.
Meanwhile, there is an interesting tidbit in the Country
Team Report which reads, “The Ambassador opened the
meeting by reviewing the rather disturbing … report that a
young university Professor was killed by a shotgun wound.
Troops have blocked oﬀ Eisenhower Ave. onto Shahreza Ave.
… The Professor was shot from a long distance by a sniper
while he spoke to crowds of students from a balcony. The
Ambassador feels this shooting will touch oﬀ a large
confrontation between demonstrators and security forces.”
Here was a description of a daily horror in Iran where it was
open season on professors and intellectuals. Note also that,
under the Shah, there was an Eisenhower Avenue, named of
course after the US president that put the Shah in power. Do
I need to mention that this street has since been renamed?
Other horrors are detailed throughout these documents
from the US Embassy, or the Den of US Espionage, as the
Iranians call it. One conﬁdential letter, for example, from the
secretary of state to the Embassy in Tehran, dated January

1979 (that is, about a month before the Shah would be
toppled), notes that “possibly several thousand persons
were killed in protests, several times that number injured,”
as a result of the fact that “these demonstrations were met
by armed force as the security organs of the government
sought to ban public protest activity.”²² The same letter
notes that up to seven thousand people had been killed in
clashes between the opposition and the government in the
past year—a quite staggering ﬁgure by any standard.
In reﬂecting on this history, one must ask themselves if
the United States, and speciﬁcally Jimmy Carter, had eased
the Shah out earlier, could they have prevented the huge
loss of life that occurred as the Shah violently tried to cling
to power. And, maybe if the United States had done this,
had heeded Khomeini’s long-time plea to stop propping up
the Shah—a plea dating back to the Kennedy Administration
—the nature of the government that followed the Shah
might also be diﬀerent; possibly more friendly to the United
States, possibly more open. We will never know, of course.
But one would like to think that there are some lessons to
learn here.
Similarly, had Carter not provided refuge to the Shah in
October of 1979, there would never have been the hostagetaking at the US Embassy. Indeed, by all accounts, it was
Carter’s invitation to the Shah to obtain medical treatment
for his cancer in New York that precipitated the hostage
taking, which took place nine days after the Shah entered
the United States.²³
As Steven Kinzer relates, the students who took the
Embassy staﬀ hostage were painfully aware of the fact that
the last time the Shah had gone into exile, he returned as
the US-imposed monarch. The students—who, by the way,

quickly released the women and African Americans among
the group, with one of the African Americans, a Marine
Guard, opining that the Revolution had been a good thing²⁴
—were not only enraged at Carter’s invitation, but also
desperately wanted to prevent a repeat of what happened
in 1953. Their explicit demand for releasing the hostages
was a return of the Shah to Iran to stand trial. That is, there
was some method to the apparent madness of the hostagetakers.
In any case, just as Eisenhower had decided years before,
Carter decided not to take the road less traveled; not to try
to win favor with Iran, the Middle East, and the world by
dumping the Shah of Iran. And many have paid a hefty price
ever since as a consequence.
Meanwhile, to add insult to injury, President Carter
refused to apologize for the United States’ despicable role in
installing and supporting the Shah. But of course, being an
American president means never having to say you’re sorry.
As V.G. Kiernan, in his book on US imperialism, puts it so
well:
Representing the apogee of human rights and humanitarian
sentiments among post-war U.S. presidents, Carter also
rebuﬀed Iranian demands for an apology from the U.S. for
installing the Shah in power since 1953 and the subsequent
decades of the S.A.V.A.K. torture that continued well into
this ‘soft’ Democrat’s administration: ‘I don’t think we have
anything to apologize for,’ assured Henry Kissinger.
Ruminating about the United States of Amnesia, Carter’s
principal White House aide for Iran throughout the crisis, Mr.
Gary Sick, admitted that from the standpoint of U.S. policymakers ‘anything that happened more than a quarter
century before—even an event of singular importance—

assumes the pale and distant appearance of ancient history.
In Washington, by 1978, the events of 1953 had all the
relevance of a pressed ﬂower.’ Barely over a year before the
Iranian people toppled this modernizing despot, Carter
toasted the Shah’s Iran as ‘an island of stability,’ which he
called a ‘great tribute to the respect, admiration and love of
your people for you’. A deﬁant George H.W. Bush
announced, after the U.S. shot down a large Iranian airliner
ﬁlled with 290 civilians, ‘I will never apologize for the United
States of America. I don’t care what the facts are.’²⁵
Of course, to the Iranians, with a history spanning
thousands of years, the events of 1953 were like yesterday,
and the support the United States gave to the Shah and the
SAVAK up until the bitter end in 1979 were even fresher
wounds. This calls to mind the story about Chinese premier
Zhou Enlai being asked by Richard Nixon in 1972 about the
signiﬁcance of the 1789 French Revolution, whereupon
Enlai, also from a country with an ancient history, quipped,
“too early to say.”
In truth, the well-documented amnesia that Americans
have about historic events is selective, with Americans
usually able to remember the tragedies they have suﬀered
and the crimes committed against them, like the attacks of
September 11, 2001, or the bombing of Pearl Harbor in
1941. Of course, in all fairness, Americans are kept in the
dark about the less savory episodes in our collective history
by both our schools and our press. At the same time, it
seems to me that in addition to a lack of knowledge is a lack
of empathy for others’ suﬀering, as well as the complete
refusal to accept the truth about the suﬀering our nation
has inﬂicted on others even when we are told about it.

8
US FOREIGN POLICY AND THE RISE OF
THE AYATOLLAH
WHEN THE IRANIAN REVOLUTION CAME, THE American
people were ill-prepared by their government and press
who, up to that point, had portrayed the Shah’s reign as
solid. Therefore, for the American people, the Revolution
seemed to burst on the scene out of thin air, and the anti-US
anger of the Iranian people, who burned US ﬂags and
eﬃgies of Uncle Sam in the streets, seemed irrational and
incomprehensible.
The intellectual and revolutionary Eqbal Ahmed, in an
article written for Mother Jones right after the revolution,¹
describes how the US citizenry had been led to believe that
the Shah was a great modernizer with, in the words of the
New York Times in the summer of 1978, “a broad base of
popular support.” They had no idea, as Ahmed explains, of
the more than twenty-ﬁve previous years of repression
inﬂicted upon the Iranian people by the Shah, or that his
brutality increased in proportion to the increase in US
military aid. They had no idea that ten thousand
demonstrators were killed in the last year of the Shah’s
reign, or of the anti-riot equipment sent by the United
States to aid in the repression of demonstrators, or that
Amnesty International had “described the Shah’s regime as
the world’s worst human rights violator.”
And, as Ahmed explains, the American people were kept
in the dark about the realities of Iran by a Western press

which was, and continues to be, deeply compromised by its
obsequiousness to power. Thus, he relates the incredible
story of William Saﬁre, a New York Times columnist at the
time of the 1979 Revolution. Saﬁre, while a staﬀer for
Richard Nixon in 1972, was shown what he noted as the
“graciousness” of the Shah who, responding to Saﬁre’s
whim to shop in the middle of the night, had the bazaaris
rudely awakened from their slumber to accommodate him.
Not surprisingly, given such treatment by the Shah, the
bazaaris would become the backbone of the 1979 Islamic
Revolution. And, not surprisingly, given Saﬁre’s ﬂattery by
the Shah—the type of ﬂattery the Shah would show all his
Western guests—Saﬁre could not keep his readers up on the
truth about his brutal reign.
In addition to being kept in the dark about the true nature
of the Shah, Americans also had no idea about the man who
would come to lead Iran after the Shah was deposed.
As Ahmed explains,
The Western press has not known what to make of Ayatollah
Ruhollah Khomeini. This 78-year-old man seems to have
appeared out of nowhere with, unaccountably, millions of
devoted followers in Iran. But Khomeini did indeed come
from somewhere—the same nationalist coalition that
periodically has emerged as resistance to foreign
domination of Iran. He was a leader the last time his
coalition protested en masse in 1963, when large
demonstrations protested the granting of immunity from
Iranian law to U.S. military personnel.²
There is much ink spilled in the internal US documents
preserved in the “Documents from the U.S. Espionage Den”
about the controversial nature of this immunity bill, which

the United States rammed through the Majlis and about the
opposition of many Iranians, including Khomeini himself,
thereto. As these same documents describe, Khomeini
would be exiled after the 1963 demonstrations, having been
blamed by the Shah for the Shah’s murder of children
demonstrators who had been organized by Khomeini and his
supporters. This was the classic case of the abuser blaming
the victim for the former’s own oﬀenses. By the way, at the
present time, the United States has bilateral immunity
agreements with over one hundred countries, preventing its
military personnel from being tried under the laws of these
foreign countries for any crimes, including rape and murder.
Khomeini also came from the one place where people
could escape the otherwise omnipresent tyranny of the
Shah to try to organize and plan their futures—the mosques.
In the words of Ahmed, “Politics in Iran was forced to take
the cover of religion” by a totalitarian state enthusiastically
installed and supported by the United States.
John F. Kennedy famously said, “Those who make
peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution
inevitable.” This is, of course, true. Quite tragically,
Kennedy, who initiated the National Security Doctrine to
violently prevent social change in Latin America and who led
the United States’ deeper involvement into the eﬀort to
destroy Vietnam’s bid for independence, never heeded his
own words.
It is equally true, especially when talking about the
Middle East, that those who make a secular, progressive
revolution impossible will make a radical religious revolution
inevitable. The United States and its partner Great Britain
have made secular revolutions in the Middle East, and Iran
in particular, impossible for many decades.

As just one example, Great Britain had supported the
Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt as far back as 1928, as it
identiﬁed it as “an anti-nationalist and anti-liberal vehicle”
to be used against the prodemocracy forces in that country.
It continued to back the Brotherhood against the
government of Gamal Abdel Nasser, a secularist who had
the audacity “to abolish the monarchy and establish a
republic.”³ And indeed, just around the same time it was
trying to overthrow Mossadegh in Iran, Britain was trying to
assassinate Nasser, who represented the distinct danger of
spreading secular democracy throughout the Arab world.⁴
As for Iran, when its revolution came in 1979, it was led
by the Islamic leaders of that country more than the Left,
which the United States had made sure was suppressed and
crushed throughout the reign of the Shah, and even later as
we will see. In other words, it was the United States’ own
policies that made a revolution, and speciﬁcally an Islamic
revolution, both possible and probable.
As the great historian Eric Hobsbawm opined, “Still, in the
1960’s and 1970’s the old communist and National
opposition was kept down by the secret police, regional and
ethnic movements were repressed, as were the usual Leftist
guerilla groups, whether orthodox Marxist or Islamic-Marxist.
These could not provide the spark for the explosion. … The
spark came from the peculiar specialty of the Iranian scene,
the organized and politically active Islamic clergy which
occupied a public position that had no real parallel
elsewhere in the Muslim world, or even within its Shiite
sector….”⁵
Another phenomenon that led to the 1979 Revolution,
and to the religious nature of it, was the decades-long
repression of Iran’s intellectuals by the Shah. Of course,

there is an intersection between the repression of leftists
and intellectuals as these two groups are many times, in
truth, one and the same. And, even in instances where the
overlap is not complete, they are often confused as the
same.
Ryzard Kapuscinski, in his book The Shah of Shahs,
eloquently explains how the repression of intellectuals per
se, and how the very brutality of the repressive system in
general, played a role in making the Islamic Revolution a
near certainty.
As he states, the Shah, and I would argue also the United
States which backed the Shah,
left people a choice between Savak and the mullahs. And
they chose the mullahs. When thinking about the fall of any
dictatorship, one should have no illusions that the whole
system comes to an end like a bad dream with that fall. The
physical existence of the system does indeed cease. But its
psychological and social results live on for years, and even
survive in the form of subconsciously continued behavior. A
dictatorship that destroys the intelligentsia and culture
leaves behind itself an empty, sour ﬁeld on which the tree of
thought won’t grow quickly. It is not always the best people
who emerge from hiding, from the corners and cracks of
that farmed-out ﬁeld, but often those who have proven
themselves strongest, not always those who will create new
values but rather those whose thick skin and internal
resilience
have
ensured
their
survival.
In
such
circumstances history begins to turn in a tragic, vicious
circle from which it can sometimes take a whole epoch to
break free.⁶

This point should be obvious: if one creates a system, which
the Shah and his backer the United States surely did, that
snuﬀs out the best and brightest of the nation, either
through murder, imprisonment or exile, then how does one
expect the best and the brightest to rise up to lead the
nation after the dictatorship is brought down? Likewise,
when one creates a barbaric torture state and keeps it in
place for over a quarter of a century, why would anyone be
surprised if something monstrous, or at least less than ideal,
is borne from this?
Again, it is important to point out the double standard at
work here. Thus, while many might recall how persecuted
intellectuals in the Soviet Union, such as Andrei Sakharov
and Alexandr Solzhenitsyn, became household names and
symbols of all the was wrong in the USSR, who knew or
cared about Iranian intellectuals who were jailed and
tortured under the Shah?
A November 17, 1976, cable on WikiLeaks, for example,
quotes a letter from a Congressman to the US secretary of
state which focuses on Iran’s greatest playwright who was
still imprisoned after two years:
ENCLOSED IS A FACT SHEET ON THE CASE OF DR.
GHOLAMHOSSEIN SA’EDI. DR. SA’EDI IS ONE OF IRAN’S
LEADING
PLAYWRIGHTS
AND
A
PROMINENT
ANTHROPOLOGIST. I UNDERSTAND THAT HE HAS BEEN
IMPRISONED AND POSSIBLY TORTURED ON A NUMBER OF
OCCASIONS BECAUSE OF HIS WRITINGS. IT IS REPORTED
THAT HE REMAINS UNDER CONSTANT SURVELLIENCE AND
HARRASSMENT BY THE AGENTS OF SAVAK. DR. SA’EDI
WOULD LIKE TO LEAVE IRAN. I WOULD LIKE TO URGE THE
DEPARTMENT TO MAKE REPRESENTATIONS TO THE
GOVERNMENT OF IRAN TO ALLOW MR. SA’EDI TO LEAVE THE

COUNTRY. YOUR KIND ATTENTION TO THIS MATTER WILL BE
GREATLY APPRECIATED. END QUOTE.
FACT SHEET STATES SA’EDI IS “IRAN’S GREATEST LIVING
… PLAYWRIGHT” AND ALSO WAS EDITOR OF LITERARY
MAGAZINE ALEFBA. SAYS HE HAS BEEN IN PRISON SINCE
1974 AND GOI HAS NOT MADE ANY INFORMATION ABOUT
THAT IMPRISONMENT PUBLIC. SHEET REVIEWS SA’EDI’S
WRITING CAREER AND MENTIONS OTHER AUTHORS SUCH
AS BARAHENI, ALI SHARIATTI, SAMAD BEHRANGIE,
KHOSROW GOLSORKHI AND KARAMAT DANESHIAN, WHO
ARE OR WERE IN PRISON.⁷
Why were not such writers and authors of Iran household
names and symbols of the Shah’s depravity? Of course, the
answer is clear: because the Shah was “our boy,” and
therefore got a free pass. His victims were not worthy,
therefore, and sank into oblivion as a consequence. I am
sure many Iranians noted our collective indiﬀerence to their
literary heroes, and remember our lack of caring still.
Meanwhile, in overturning the aged and kind Mossadegh,
a leader famous for conducting business in his bed and
greeting foreign dignitaries in his pink pajamas, the United
States had actually taught the Islamic revolutionaries that
good guys ﬁnish last, and they took this to heart.
As Robert Fisk explains, “Mossadeq’s rule and the coup
that ended Iran’s independence in 1953 would provide a
bitter lesson to the revolutionaries of 1979. If the Shah was
ever to be dethroned, there could be no ﬂirtation with
constitutional rights, no half-measures, no counterrevolutionaries left to restore Western power to Iran. A
future revolution would embrace more than ﬁve thousand
dead; it must be ﬁnal, absolute—and unforgiving. The spies,
the ancien régime, would have to be liquidated at once.”⁸

Again, it is the utter lack of historical perspective that
continues to doom US foreign policy, and the countries to
which this policy is applied time and time again. I have
compared the US view of history to the movie Groundhog
Day, where somehow history begins anew and fresh each
day without carrying with it the baggage from yesterday
and the day before and the day before that. In the case of
Iran, the CIA played midwife to a cruel system in 1953 which
the Iranians have yet to fully break free from, and we as a
nation must own up to this fact.
But of course, Americans are not good at all at owning up
to the consequences of the suﬀering our nation has caused
to others. And so, the United States has yet to apologize to
Vietnam for the suﬀering we inﬂicted upon them during the
war. Even more shocking, the United States still refuses to
help them with the pain they continue to suﬀer in the form
of land mines which the US military laid and which still
explode there, or in the form of babies which continue to be
born with horrible birth defects due to the napalm and
Agent Orange the United States dumped on their country.
Similarly, we grind and gnash our teeth about the
thousands of unaccompanied minors who risk life and limb
and sexual abuse to enter the United States illegally, rarely
stopping to consider what the United States did over the
years to make their countries, such as El Salvador,
Guatemala, and Honduras, uninhabitable through the death
squad governments the US imposed upon them for so many
years.
Again, this never happened as far as most of us are
concerned, and if it did, it is not our problem now because
the war is over. But for these countries, the eﬀects of the
war are not over, and they may not be over for many years

to come. In the case of North Korea, what’s more, the war
itself has literally never ended as there was never a peace
treaty signed between the warring parties. North Korea is
painfully aware of this fact which, in addition to its being
utterly levelled by the United States during the conﬂict,
contributes to its defensiveness and paranoia.
In the case of Iran, moreover, what is not widely known is
that the United States intervened in the ﬁnal days of the
Shah, who was cancerstricken and whose reign was clearly
at an end, to ensure that the successor government would
be Islamic rather than leftist and secular, the latter being
always anathema to the United States.
Thus, while Jimmy Carter had rejected pleas in November
1978 by his own ambassador to Iran, William Sullivan, to
abandon the Shah, Carter changed course in late January of
1979 when keeping the Shah in power then seemed
impossible due to Iranian public sentiment as well as the
poor health of the Shah who had been diagnosed with
terminal cancer.⁹ At this point, Carter encouraged the Shah
to leave the country. At the same time, he helped pave the
way for the return of Imam Khomeini, who had been making
conciliatory overtures to the United States as far back as the
Kennedy years, from his exile in Paris.
Carter, whose other interest besides preventing a leftist
government was the preservation of the Iranian military
which the United States helped build up in the ﬁrst place
and which Carter wanted to continue as leverage in the
Middle East, helped broker a deal between Khomeini and
the Iranian military.¹⁰ Speciﬁcally, with the help of US
General Robert E. Huyser, Carter brokered a deal whereby
the military, which was suspected of having its own coup
plans, would stand down and allow the return and

ascendancy of Khomeini in return for Khomeini’s agreement
to keep the military intact.
For his part, Khomeini, who courted the Carter
Administration and who was in direct talks with the
administration for a critical two weeks, also volunteered that
he would make sure that Jews in Iran would be protected,
and he would follow up with a Fatwah requiring that no harm
be carried out against Iranian Jews.¹¹ Khomeini also assured
the United States that he was happy to align against the
atheistic USSR, which was of course music to ears of the
Carter Administration and particularly to its hardcore Cold
Warrior, National Security Adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski. And,
as discussed above, Khomeini would immediately begin to
violently purge Iran of Marxists and other leftists, again
much to the delight of Washington.
None of this should be too surprising given the United
States’ long track record of working with radical religious
groups to destroy the left. And indeed, there is evidence in
recently-released CIA and MI6 documents that the United
States worked with two ayatollahs in helping to overthrow
Mossadegh in 1953, and made direct payments to at least
one, if not both of them, to support their anti-Mossadegh
agitation and organizing.¹²
And, even years after the 1979 Islamic Revolution in Iran,
the United States worked closely with Khomeini in ensuring
that the last vestiges of the left were wiped out in Iran.
As Christopher Davidson sets forth in his recent book,
Shadow Wars, the United States and Britain continued to aid
and abet Iran, even more intensely after the 1979 Islamic
Revolution, in the physical extermination of Iran’s left-wing.
As Davidson explains, in 1983 “the CIA and MI6 jointly
began to pass on information to the Tehran regime about

Iranian communists and other leftists. Going far further than
the Shah ever had, Khomeini made over a thousand arrests
and executed several leaders of the Tudeh Party. As James
Bill describes, this was regarded in the West as successfully
‘completing the dismantling of the Iranian left,’ even though
the CIA and MI6 had long been aware of the Islamic
Republic’s propensity for executing political prisoners
without trial.”¹³
The brutal suppression of the Tudeh Party by the
Khomeini government was particularly cruel given that this
party, while weakened due to the Shah’s longtime
repression, nonetheless contributed to the uprising against
the Shah, particularly with its leadership of the critical
strikes in the oil sector which helped bring him down.¹⁴
Khomeini’s paranoia about the Left at this time, and his
consequent brutality against it, was heightened by the fact
that he was not only in the midst of a war with Iraq but was
also confronting terrorist attacks being carried out by the
MEK—a group which at least claimed to be Marxist and
which was being supported by Saddam Hussein.
I have friends in Iran who are communists (of course
underground) and they tell me that there are elements of
the Iranian government who are at least remorseful for the
violent suppression of the Iranian Left, and especially of the
Tudeh Party, and that there are public discussions about
how to treat this past and how to treat the Left in the future.
Of course, the United States and United Kingdom have
always tolerated, to the say the least, such human rights
abuses against communists, socialists, and other leftists and
therefore harbor absolutely no remorse for the violent
eradication of the Iranian Left. One other example, among
many others, is the mass slaughter of communists in

Indonesia, another predominantly Muslim country, after the
US-backed coup in that country in 1965. The slaughter
against the members of the communist PKI Party that
followed the coup—a slaughter fully supported by the United
States—cost the lives of between 500,000 and 1.2 million
people.¹⁵
In the case of the Middle East, such Western-sponsored
violence against the Left has played no small role in the rise
of Islamic fundamentalism.
Meanwhile, the West, and the United States in particular,
has reaped a whirlwind as a result of their relentless and
violent campaign in the Middle East against the secular Left.
The most notable example of this was of course the 9/11
attacks. In the case of 9/11, however, it must be
emphasized that this was NOT carried out by Iran, or any
Shiite extremists, but rather was carried out (as far as we
know) by another, much worse monster created by horrible
US foreign policies—the radical Sunni group, al-Qaeda, led
by Osama bin Laden.
Osama bin Laden was himself a Saudi, and, as we now
know, al-Qaeda has received much support over the years
from Saudi Arabia, the United States’ longtime partner in
crime in the Middle East and mortal enemy of Iran. Hillary
Clinton herself acknowledged the Saudi (and Qatar) support
for al-Qaeda, and ISIS as well, in a 2014 email leaked during
her presidential bid.¹⁶ Then Vice President Joe Biden also
acknowledged the fact that there are not truly any
“moderate rebels” in Syria, at least as of 2014, and that the
support ﬂowing to Syrian rebels from Saudi Arabia and
Qatar (and the United States as well) has in fact been going
to radical jihadists.¹⁷

In addition, as we learned from the infamous “twentyeight pages” (really, twenty-nine) of the Congressional
report on 9/11, Saudi Arabia provided substantial backing
for the 9/11 attacks themselves.¹⁸ This backing included
ﬁnancial support to some of the 9/11 hijackers from
members of the Saudi royal family and intelligence services.
FBI documents even show that the Saudi Embassy in
Washington provided ﬁnancial support for a “dry run” of the
9/11 operation.¹⁹ Indeed, “Six years after the [9/11] attack,
at the height of the military conﬂict in Iraq in 2007, Stuart
Levey, the undersecretary of the US Treasury in charge of
monitoring and impeding terror ﬁnancing, told ABC News
that, when it came to al-Qaeda, ‘if I could somehow snap my
ﬁngers and cut oﬀ the funding of one country, it would be
Saudi Arabia.’ ”²⁰
And so, it stands to reason, the United States is a ﬁerce
ally of Saudi Arabia in its feud against Iran?!
Of course, al-Qaeda had its origins in the Mujahideen
which the United States armed and funded in order to fatally
undermine the secular, left-wing government then in power
in Afghanistan, and to weaken the USSR in the process.
Osama bin Laden, the young radical Saudi, was one of the
leaders in the Mujahideen forces, and then an ally of the
United States and recipient of US largesse. Contrary to
popular opinion, the United States did not arm these forces
in order to counter the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, but
rather, to bring about such an invasion.
Thus, as then US National Security Adviser Zbigniew
Brzezinski later admitted, the arming of the Mujahideen
began in July of 1979—six months BEFORE the Soviet
invasion, and very shortly after the overthrow of the Shah of
Iran in February of that year.

Brzezinski would later quip that the arming of the
Mujahideen had the intended “eﬀect of drawing the
Russians into the Afghan trap and you want me to regret it?
The day that the Soviets oﬃcially crossed the border, I
wrote to President Carter. We now have the opportunity of
giving to the USSR its Vietnam war.”²¹
When asked about whether he regretted the rise of
Islamic extremism which followed in the wake of the USMujahideen operations, Brzezinski was nonplussed, replying,
“What is more important in world history? The Taliban or the
collapse of the Soviet empire? Some agitated Moslems or
the liberation of Central Europe and the end of the cold
war?” Brzezinski expressed this sentiment in 1998, a few
years before 9/11.
After the 9/11 attacks, the United States quickly attacked
the Taliban government in Afghanistan—a government
which directly grew out of the Mujahideen forces which the
United States sponsored to draw the Soviet Union into a
brutal war in Afghanistan, and which was allied with alQaeda and Osama bin Laden himself. Iran, a mortal enemy
of the Taliban and the Sunni radicals, oﬀered to assist the
United States in this eﬀort and gave such assistance.
Meanwhile, after the Iran-Iraq war ended, and US ally
Saddam Hussein had done his worst against the Iranians,
the United States quickly decided that he was not a reliable
enough ally, and therefore invaded Iraq in 1991, imposed
brutal economic sanctions upon the Iraqi people, and
intermittently bombed Iraq through the 1990s.

9
A TALE OF TWO REVOLUTIONS—IRAN AND
NICARAGUA
SEVERAL MONTHS AFTER THE SHAH WAS overthrown in
Iran, and in the very same month that the United States
began funding the Mujahideen in Afghanistan, the people of
Nicaragua overthrew a US-backed dictator of their own
named Anastasio Somoza. There are many parallels and
intersections between these two revolutions which make
looking at the Nicaraguan revolution, and how the United
States has responded to it, worthwhile.
Unlike Iran—a fairly large country, indeed the
seventeenth largest in the world, with sizable oil reserves—
Nicaragua is a small country with nearly no coveted
resources to speak of. And, at the time of the 1979
revolution, Nicaragua had less than three million people as
compared to Iran’s population of forty million.
Still, the United States has had its eye on Nicaragua, a
country with both a Paciﬁc and Atlantic coast, for a long
time in part because of its huge lake (Lake Nicaragua) which
could be transformed into a canal for shipping much larger
than the Panama Canal, the latter canal being violently
stolen from Colombia in 1903 by Kermit’s grandfather,
Teddy Roosevelt. Indeed, in 1914, the United States bought
the rights to build the Nicaraguan canal for $3 million. This
$3 million also bought them the leasing rights to two
Nicaraguan islands as well as the right to build a naval base
in the Gulf of Fonseca.

The problem was that the Nicaraguans are a quite proud
and independent people, and they bristled over the United
States’ attempts to control their country. The Nicaraguans
would therefore rise up in protest often against US
intervention. In response, the United States began militarily
intervening in Nicaragua in 1912, sending in the Marines
periodically to quell opposition. However, every time the
Marines would withdraw, the people would rise up again.
And so, in 1927, the Marines began to occupy Nicaragua.
Not too surprisingly, the Nicaraguans were quite unhappy
about the presence of foreign troops on their soil and about
being declared a “protectorate of the United States.” One
brave Nicaraguan, Augusto Cesar Sandino, organized a band
of guerillas to attack and molest the Marines, and he was
quite successful in doing so. Indeed, Sandino would lead
about ﬁve hundred attacks on the Marines who were never
able to defeat Sandino or to even ﬁnd where he and his
band of merry men were hiding.
In 1933 the United States, now really desperate, would
try out some of the world’s ﬁrst aerial bombings against
Sandino’s guerillas as well as the sympathetic, rural
Nicaraguan population. By the way, it may be interesting to
some to know that the Wright brothers actually believed
that the only viable commercial use for their airplane
invention would be for just such military purposes, and they
indeed marketed the airplane in keeping with this belief,
including to the US War Department.¹ Here were the
beginnings of the military-industrial complex.
Notwithstanding the United States’ much superior ﬁre
power, Sandino and his forces would successfully oust the
Marines in 1934.

However, before leaving Nicaragua, the US Marines
helped to set up the brutal National Guard (Guardia
Nacional) to maintain order in Nicaragua in their stead. The
United States installed a man named Anastasio Somoza
Garcia as the head of the National Guard in 1934. Unable to
defeat Sandino, Somoza lured Sandino to the capital,
Managua, with the promise of a peace accord and had him
assassinated.
In 1936, with Sandino out of the way, Anastasio Somoza
Garcia, with the full backing of the United States, became
the dictatorial ruler of Nicaragua. It was of Somoza that
President Franklin D. Roosevelt remarked, “He is a son-of-abitch, but he is our son-of-bitch.” With the strong backing of
the United States, Anastasio Somoza Garcia, his son, and
then his grandson would rule Nicaragua with an iron hand
continuously until the 1979 Revolution.
One might pause here to wonder how it is that the United
States claims to support democracy and freedom in the
world when it so often backs dictators like the Shah and
Somoza. As I tell my human rights class every year, the
United States always supports democracy and freedom,
except when it doesn’t, which is all the time….
As political analyst Stephen Gowans explains, the United
States is simply not what it claims to be, and most likely
never has been:
The United States—which began as 13 former British
colonies on the Atlantic coast of North America pursuing a
“manifest destiny” of continental expansion, (the inspiration
for Nazi Germany’s lebensraum policy); which fought a war
with Spain for colonies; which promulgated the Monroe
Doctrine asserting a sphere of inﬂuence in the Americas;
which stole Panama to create a canal; whose special

operations forces project US power in 81 countries; whose
generals control the militaries of the combined NATO
members in Europe and the military forces of South Korea;
whose military command stations one hundred thousand
troops on the territories of former imperialist rivals,
manifestly has an empire. And yet this reality is denied, as
assuredly as is the reality that the United States, built on
the genocide of Native Americans and the slave labor of
Africans, overtly white supremacist until the mid-1960s, and
covertly white supremacist since, is unequivocally not a
beacon of Enlightenment values, unless liberalism is deﬁned
as equality and liberty assigned exclusively to white men
who own productive property. Indeed, so antithetical is the
United States to the liberal values of the equality of all
peoples and nations, freedom from exploitation and
oppression, and the absence of discrimination on the bases
of class, race, and sex, that it’s diﬃcult to apprehend in
what sense the United States has ever been liberal or has in
any way had a legitimate claim to being the repository of
the values of the Enlightenment.²
Certainly, the Nicaraguans must wonder the very same
about such US pretensions.
In the case of Nicaragua, the dictatorship would not hold,
notwithstanding the best eﬀorts of the United States, and its
usual partner in crime, Israel, to keep it in power. And, as is
often the case, the dictatorship demonstrated its worst
brutality in its ﬁnal death throes. As Noam Chomsky so well
explains in his book, What Uncle Sam Really Wants:
When his rule was challenged by the Sandinistas [the
insurgent group named after Augusto Cesar Sandino] in the
late 1970s, the US ﬁrst tried to institute what was called

“Somocismo [Somoza-ism] without Somoza”- that is, the
whole corrupt system intact, but with somebody else at the
top. That didn’t work, so President Carter tried to maintain
Somoza’s National Guard as a base for US power.
The National Guard had always been remarkably brutal
and sadistic. By June 1979, it was carrying out massive
atrocities in the war against the Sandinistas, bombing
residential neighborhoods in Managua, killing tens of
thousands of people. At that point, the US ambassador sent
a cable to the White House saying it would be “ill advised”
to tell the Guard to call oﬀ the bombing, because that might
interfere with the policy of keeping them in power and the
Sandinistas out.
Our ambassador to the Organization of American States
also spoke in favor of “Somocismo without Somoza,” but the
OAS rejected the suggestion ﬂat out. A few days later,
Somoza ﬂew oﬀ to Miami with what was left of the
Nicaraguan national treasury, and the Guard collapsed.
The Carter administration ﬂew Guard commanders out of
the country in planes with Red Cross markings (a war
crime), and began to reconstitute the Guard on Nicaragua’s
borders. They also used Argentina as a proxy. (At that time,
Argentina was under the rule of neo-Nazi generals, but they
took a little time oﬀ from torturing and murdering their own
population to help reestablish the Guard -- soon to be
renamed the contras, or “freedom ﬁghters.”)³
Again, we see Jimmy Carter not really living up to all of his
lofty human rights rhetoric.
Unable to forgive the Nicaraguans for ousting one of their
beloved dictators, just as it could not forgive the Iranians for

the same oﬀense, the United States would then back these
Contra forces throughout the 1980s.
While Ronald Reagan would refer to the Contras as the
“moral equivalent of our Founding Fathers,” this did not
reﬂect so well on our Founding Fathers. For example, an LA
Times article from 1985 cited the International Human
Rights Law Group who documented “a pattern of brutality
against largely unarmed civilians, including rape, torture,
kidnappings, mutilation and other abuses” by the Contra
forces. As just one example of this, the LA Times related the
following account:
Children Slain
Typical among them was an Oct. 28, 1982, contra attack
on the rural area of El Jicaro in northern Nicaragua. In an
aﬃdavit, Maria Bustillo, 57, testiﬁed that ﬁve armed men
dressed in the FDN’s blue uniforms burst into her house and
dragged away her husband Ricardo, a Roman Catholic
activist, and ﬁve of their children. The next morning she
found the mutilated bodies of the children. Her husband’s
body was found later.⁴
In addition to funding and training the Contras, the United
States would also mine Nicaragua’s harbors. And, the United
States did so without even informing its allies who regularly
anchored there. The International Court of Justice (ICJ) later
found in the case of Nicaragua v. United States (1986) that
because “neither before the laying of the mines, nor
subsequently, did the United States government issue any
public and oﬃcial warning to international shipping of the
existence and location of the mines … vessels of the Dutch,
Panamanian, Soviet, Liberian and Japanese registry … were
damaged by the mines….”⁵ The ICJ, which concluded that

President Reagan had personally ordered this mining
operation, found the callousness of the United States toward
such third-party countries particularly reprehensible.
The ICJ found that the United States violated international
law in its bilateral treaties with Nicaragua through the
mining of the harbors, various other terrorist attacks such as
the destruction of Nicaragua’s oil storage facilities and
pipelines, and through the funding and training of the
Contras. As for the training, the ICJ, based upon the aﬃdavit
of Contra leader Edgar Chamorro, found that “training was
at the outset provided by [fascist] Argentine military
oﬃcers, paid by the CIA, gradually replaced by CIA
personnel” who took over the training themselves.⁶
According to Chamorro, the CIA trained the Contras in
“guerilla warfare, sabotage, demolitions, and in the use of a
variety of weapons….” Chamorro described the CIA oﬃcials
as more than advisers to the Contras. Rather, they were the
leaders of the group, with Chamorro attributing “virtually a
power of command to the CIA operatives.” The ICJ found
that, under the CIA’s direction and control, the Contras
carried
out
numerous
incidents
of
“kidnapping,
assassinations, torture, rape, killing of prisoners, and killing
of civilians not dictated by military necessity.”⁷
In addition, the ICJ found that the United States violated
international law norms through the CIA’s Psychological
Operations in Guerilla Warfare manual which, among other
things, advised the Contra forces to organize people for
public executions. Speciﬁcally, the manual called for
“Selective Use of Violence for Propagandistic Eﬀects” in
which “selected and planned targets, such as court judges,
mesta judges, police and State Security oﬃcials, CDS chiefs,
etc.” would be “neutralize[d]” by a particular population

which “will be present, [and] take part in the act” of killing
the target.⁸
The United States not only disregarded the ICJ’s judgment
—pursuant to which Nicaragua estimated it was owed nearly
$400 million in compensation—but also declared that it was
no longer subject to ICJ jurisdiction at all unless it explicitly
consented to such for a particular case. Justice is, after all,
to be administered against the weak, not the strong.
The atrocities of the Contras became such a problem that
the US Congress ended up cutting oﬀ their funding through
legislation known as The Boland Amendment. Undeterred,
the Reagan Administration found creative ways to continue
arming and bankrolling the Contras, nonetheless.
In addition to funding the Contras through illicit sales of
cocaine, with at least $14 million in drug sales being used
as seed money to fund the post-Boland Amendment arms
trade to the Contras,⁹ the Reagan Administration would also
turn to Iran to aid its scheme. The problem there was that
the United States was then supporting Iraq in its war against
Iran, and there was therefore an arms embargo against Iran
at this time. Again, Reagan would ﬁnd a way.
Nothing but total capitulation by the Sandinistas would
suﬃce for Reagan. Thus, as the ICJ related, revolutionary
leader and then Nicaraguan president Daniel Ortega made it
clear that he would give in to all of Reagan’s stated
demands (i.e., that he would send home the Cuban and
Russians advisers and not support the FMLN guerillas in El
Salvador) in return for only “one thing: that they don’t
attack us, that the United States stop arming and ﬁnancing
… the gangs that kill our people, burn our crops and force us
to divert enormous human and economic resources into war
when we desperately need them for development.”¹⁰ But

Reagan would not relent until the Sandinistas and Ortega
were out of power altogether.
Ultimately, Reagan’s terror campaign would work, with
the Nicaraguan people ﬁnally crying uncle in 1990, and
voting the Sandinistas out of power. The Sandinistas would
be voted back in, however, in 2007, and they remain the
governing party to this day, with Daniel Ortega as president.
Meanwhile, the United States continues to punish
Nicaragua, the most stable and prosperous country in
Central America after successfully breaking oﬀ from US
domination, for its impertinence in overthrowing the
Somoza dictatorship, having the audacity to survive the
Contra War which claimed ﬁfty thousand lives, voting back
in the Sandinistas, and for now working with the Chinese to
build the canal that the United States has coveted for so
long. Thus, as I write these lines, the US Senate is
considering passage of the “Nica Act,” already passed by
the House, which would cut Nicaragua oﬀ from multilateral
loans (e.g., from the World Bank, IMF). This, apparently, will
show Nicaragua and other countries what they get for
deciding to go their own way.

10
THE IRAN-IRAQ WAR—PLAYING BOTH
SIDES AGAINST EACH OTHER
THE TRUTH ABOUT THE UNITED STATES’ engagement in the
Middle East over the past seventy years or so must be
baﬄing to most Americans, at least to the extent that they
are aware of it, as there appears to be little sanity in the
entire arch of US involvement in the region.
Thus, to the extent that Iran currently has an Islamic
government which the United States and Israel seem to
abhor, it is directly a consequence of the US coup against
Prime Minister Mohammad Mossadegh in 1953, its
subsequent support of the Shah and the dreaded SAVAK
security forces which made popular revolt inevitable and the
United States’ direct support of the Islamists in Iran over the
secular left.
Still, the United States, in line with its usual habit of
attacking the regimes which it has helped make possible or
even installed, moved quickly to try to destroy the Islamic
Republic. Analogous to its brutal Contra war against the
recalcitrant nation of Nicaragua, the United States
supported a vicious war against Iran very shortly after the
ousting of the Shah. And, the United States turned to its old
friend Saddam Hussein to wage this war.
The war between Iran and Iraq began with the Iraqi
invasion of Iran in September 1980. Even as war between
Iran and Iraq appeared imminent, with military skirmishes
from both sides on the frontier, the UN Security Council

refused to act. And, when Iraq invaded Iran, the UN Security
Council would not even call upon Iraq to withdraw its troops.
As Robert Fisk relates, “Iran was convinced that the whole
world now turned against its revolution and was supporting
the act of aggression by Saddam.”¹ Of course, Iran was
absolutely correct.
The world, and quite notably the Western world, remained
silent when Iraq, feeling frustrated with the lack of an easy
and quick victory which it had anticipated against the new
revolutionary government in Iran, resorted to crueler and
crueler methods.
First, Iraq attempted to deal with its being greatly
outnumbered by the “human waves” of Iranians confronting
its forces. According to journalist Mohamad Salam, Iraq
began using a tactic which it ﬁrst used in the three towns
located in the Howeiza marshes of Iran. Salam describes the
operation as such:
[Iraqi Major General Hisham Sabah] Al-Fakhry brought huge
tanker trucks down and pumped fuel into the marshland and
then ﬁred incendiary shells into the water and started the
biggest ﬁre I’ve seen in my entire life. He burned and killed
everything, the whole environment.
Then, when the ﬁre was out, he brought electrical
generators and put huge cables into the marsh waters and
electriﬁed everything so that there was no source of life left
in that place….
Gutted bodies were ﬂoating everywhere, even women
and children were among them—marsh people, people who
knew what a toad was, people who’d lived among ducks and
buﬀaloes and ﬁshed with spears, this civilization was being
wiped out. I saw about thirty women and children, all gutted

open like ﬁsh, and many, many Iranians. The innocent had
to die along with the living.²
When Saddam became even more desperate, he announced
that he would destroy Iran’s “human waves” another way,
but he did not refer to these waves as “human.” As he
announced over the radio in 1985, “The waves of insects
are attacking the eastern gates of the Arab Nation. But I
have the pesticides to wipe them out.” In one attack alone,
Saddam would kill at least 4,700 Iranians with “a blistering
agent that damages all human tissues.”³
While this was the ﬁrst massive chemical weapons use of
its kind since WWI, the West, and its ever-compliant press,
was either silent or dismissive of the Iranians’ claims of
chemical weapons use by Hussein.
I note that this was the ﬁrst use of such chemical
weapons “of its kind” since WWI because the United States
of course used more modern chemical weapons such as
napalm and Agent Orange on a massive scale during the
Korean and Vietnam wars as well as against peasants in
Colombia in the mid-1960s. This fact is often overlooked,
including by The Nonproliferation Review itself which I cite
extensively here and which simply says, without caveat,
that Iraq’s use of chemical weapons during this war was the
ﬁrst use of any chemical weapons since WWI. This is simply
not true, but it is certainly revealing of the incredible denial
in the West, including amongst people who should know
better, of our own great criminality in war.
Of course, it was the West itself, and speciﬁcally Germany
and the United States, which supplied Saddam Hussein with
his chemical weapons and technology for making more.
Thus, a US Senate Committee would ﬁnally inform Congress
in 1994 that the United States had been providing Iraq with

biological and chemical agents, which could be weaponized,
since 1985 when Saddam had made his vow to use
“pesticides” to wipe out the Iranian “insects.”⁴ The
biological agents provided included anthrax and E. coli.
Along with these agents, the United States generously
provided technical drawings for a chemical production plant
along with “chemical warhead ﬁlling equipment.”
In addition, it is known that Saddam was importing
chemicals for weapons use, such as one thousand tons of
thiodiglycol, a key component of mustard gas, from Western
Europe and the United States at an even earlier date.⁵ Iraq
began to use mustard gas regularly in the war with Iran by
1983.
In a damning report by US Senator Donald Riegle in 1994,
based in part upon the UN weapons inspections which took
place in Iraq after the First Gulf War, Riegle explained:
UN inspectors had identiﬁed many United States
manufactured items that had been exported from the United
States to Iraq under licenses issued by the Department of
Commerce, and [established] that these items were used to
further Iraq’s chemical and nuclear weapons development
and its missile delivery system development programs. …
The executive branch of our government approved 771
diﬀerent export licenses of dual-use technology to Iraq. I
think that is a devastating record.⁶
According to the Riegle Report, as it is typically called, the
US Centers for Disease Control sent Iraq fourteen separate
agents “with biological warfare signiﬁcance.”⁷ In this
instance, the CDC was not so much involved in controlling
disease, but rather, spreading it.

Moreover, in addition to supplying the deadly chemical
weapons to Iraq, the United States, throughout the war,
provided Iraq “with battleﬁeld intelligence so that they could
prepare themselves for the mass Iranian attacks and defend
themselves—as the US government knew—with poison
gas.”⁸ In the end, according to Iran’s oﬃcial tally, 60,000
Iranians were killed in chemical attacks by Iraq during the
course of the war, out of a total of 500,000 to 600,000 total
Iranians killed during the conﬂict.⁹
And, of course, Saddam Hussein did not reserve chemical
weapons use just for the Iranians, but for his own Kurds,
bombarding the Iraqi town of Halabjah for three days with
US- and German-supplied chemicals, killing ﬁve to eight
thousand people, “including Kurdish civilians (mostly
women, children, and the elderly)….” in the process.¹⁰
To add insult to injury, some in the US government and
media attempted to blame Iran somehow for this attack
when it had nothing to do with it.
To the contrary, it must be emphasized that Iran, while
having some chemical weapons capability of its own at the
time, never retaliated against Iraq in kind for its chemical
weapons attacks even though international law, and
speciﬁcally the reservations to the 1925 Geneva Protocol,¹¹
would have allowed for such retaliation.
Indeed, during the height of the war and of the suﬀering
being inﬂicted upon Iran by Saddam’s chemical weapons
attacks, Ayatollah Khomeini made clear his view that Islamic
law, which forbids the willful destruction of the environment,
necessarily prohibits the development and use of chemical
weapons.¹² He made it clear, therefore, that Iran would not
use such weapons against Iraq even though Saddam was

using such weapons, and the available evidence supports
the conclusion that Khomeini lived by his word.
Later, in 2005, the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei would issue a
Fatwah against the production, stockpiling, and use of
nuclear weapons as inimical to the Islamic faith. The
foregoing “strongly suggests that the Iranian leadership’s
aversion to developing chemical and nuclear weapons is
deep-rooted and sincere.”¹³
This also strongly suggests that Iran’s ayatollahs may in
fact not be the madmen and villains that we are led every
day to believe they are. In fact, our own leaders seem much
madder in comparison.
More proof of the relative and absolute insanity of our
leaders is that the United States armed Iran at the very
same time it was aiding Iraq in the war eﬀort in return for
payment which it used to illegally fund the Contra terrorists
after Congress had cut oﬀ aid to them. Later known as the
Iran-Contra Scandal, the CIA would secretly sell Iran more
than 1500 TOW missiles in return for $30 million—$18
million of which would go to the Contras.¹⁴
In addition to its motive to ﬁnd funding for the Contras,
the United States, along with Israel, also aided both sides of
the Iran-Iraq conﬂict in a cynical move to try to weaken both
countries with a protracted war. For its part, Israel sold Iran
hundreds of millions of dollars of US-manufactured weapons
during the Iran-Iraq war—Israel claims with full US consent
and approval—and by all accounts assisted Iran in keeping
up its end of the ﬁghting, especially in the initial years of
the war.¹⁵ The arms sold to Iran by Israel included Lance
missiles, Copperhead shells, Hawk missiles, submachine
guns, anti-tank missile launchers, howitzers, and aircraft
replacement parts.¹⁶

Such a cynical plan was nothing new in the 1980s, and
this plan indeed continues to be played out by the United
States today.
As Christopher Davidson points out in Shadow Wars, “In
many ways, the West’s position … is reminiscent of Harry
Truman’s views on Nazi Germany before the US entered the
Second World War. After all, as his well-documented remarks
on Adolf Hitler’s invasion of the Soviet Union reveal, he and
others did not really want to see either side winning, while
any long-drawn-out ﬁght between the two sides was seen as
ultimately suiting US interests.”¹⁷ Indeed, it is noteworthy to
recall that the United States did not enter the European
theater with full force during WWII until its D-Day invasion of
Normandy on June 4, 1944—that is, just shy of three years
after the Soviet Union had been invaded by Germany on
June 22, 1941, and well after the Soviets had forced the
Germans to start their retreat back to Berlin with the Red
Army in hot pursuit. Millions of lives had been lost as a
result of the United States’ delay.
Davidson explains that, similarly, “in the Middle East
itself, the desire for such similarly balanced conﬂicts is of
course nothing new, with the Iran-Iraq War of the 1980s
having helped cancel out the two major powers of the
day….” Davidson cites William Blum for the proposition that
the West’s support of both sides of the Iran-Iraq war “had
the eﬀect of ‘enhancing the ability of the two countries to
inﬂict maximum devastation upon each other and stunt
their growth as strong Middle East nations’.” In the words of
the New York Times, the goal was “to prolong the slaughter
and so weaken both countries, along with their ability to
oppose US domination of the region.”¹⁸

As Davidson and others have noted, the United States is
continuing this cruel policy of playing both sides against
each other today by supporting, but also trying to contain,
ISIS forces in order to molest and undermine both Syria and
Iran; by intentionally stirring up religious sectarianism in the
Middle East, and in particular, animosities between the Shia
and the Sunnis; and by playing Saudi Arabia against Iran.
Meanwhile, the United States’ eﬀorts to keep the Iran and
Iraq war going as long as possible were quite successful. As
History.com notes, this war “was inordinately protracted,
lasting longer than either world war….”¹⁹ The result of the
eight-year war between Iran and Iraq was the death of
around one million people total on both sides of the bloody
conﬂict—a conﬂict which the Western press barely bothered
to cover at all.
But the painful memories of this war linger in the minds
of Iranians. Indeed, “The memory of the eight-year Iran-Iraq
War in the 1980s shapes Iran’s outlook on the Arab world.
Many senior Iranian leaders are veterans of that war, during
which Iraq annexed Iranian territory, used chemical
weapons against Iranian troops, and terrorized Iranian cities
with missile attacks.”²⁰ No wonder that Iran feels constantly
on the defensive against hostile forces.
Meanwhile, though Iraq was weakened during the eightyear conﬂict with Iran, it was not weakened quite enough as
far as US policy-makers were concerned. Therefore, the
United States invaded Iraq three years later, and then
ﬁnished the job in 2003 with a second invasion which left
the country in shambles.
Incredibly, the United States, knowing no shame, justiﬁed
the 2003 war with the claim that Iraq at that time, still being
led by Saddam Hussein, possessed “weapons of mass

destruction” (WMDs)—in particular, banned chemical
weapons. Of course, that turned out to be untrue, as
Hussein’s chemical weapons store had been destroyed
under UN supervision years before. However, as with every
other war of choice the United States has involved itself in
since WWII—and they have all been wars of choice—the
press was quite happy to disseminate the lies about WMDs.
No better example of this was our great “paper of
record,” the New York Times, whose “journalist” Judith Miller
provided the Bush Administration with the alibi it needed for
the invasion it so desperately wanted. Thus, relying upon
dubious sources who themselves were trying to push us into
war—one of whom, Ahmed Chalabi, was the very same
source the White House was relying upon, and another
source who she never met or interviewed herself—Miller
published “evidence” of WMDs, including bogus claims
about Saddam allegedly attempting to pursue nuclear
weapons, which the White House itself would point to as
corroboration of its own WMD claims.²¹ In short, she
collaborated with the White House in creating a perfect echo
chamber of lies which led to a war which has cost this
country trillions of dollars and which has cost over one
million Iraqi lives. Miller was certainly not the only journalist
pushing such war propaganda.
But beyond that, there was an obvious hypocrisy to the
WMD claim, for if Hussein had still possessed chemical
weapons, they would have been weapons which the United
States provided him during the height of its war against
Iran. Indeed, as Robert Fisk explains, Donald Rumsfeld, who
as secretary of defense under George W. Bush helped push
for and then lead the 2003 invasion of Iraq, “made his
notorious 1983 visit to Baghdad to shake Saddam’s hand”

even while Iraq was using chemical weapons, many made in
America, to kill tens of thousands of Iranians.²²
Another amazing justiﬁcation for the 2003 invasion was
not just that Hussein allegedly still had chemical weapons,
but that he had used them against his own Kurdish
population. Again, that is true, but he did so with the
complicity of the United States, which had absolutely no
problem with this attack at the time. But again, do not
bother to look for consistency, truth, or morality in US
foreign policy. Also, do not look for justice to be exacted
against US oﬃcials involved in such crimes. Saddam
Hussein’s execution, largely justiﬁed on the basis of the
gassing of the Kurds, is a perfect illustration of this fact, for
if justice were meted out equally in this world, there would
have been several Americans hanging alongside him for the
same oﬀense.
Fisk explains that “for all these years—until his invasion
of Kuwait in 1990—we in the West tolerated Saddam’s
cruelty, his oppression and torture, his war crimes and
murder. After all, we helped to create him. The CIA gave the
locations of communist cadres to the ﬁrst Ba’thist
government, information that was used to arrest, torture,
and execute hundreds of Iraqi men. And the closer Saddam
came to the war with Iran, the greater his fear of his own
Shia population, the more we helped him.”²³ It should be
pointed out, moreover, that many believe that Saddam felt
comfortable invading Kuwait in 1990 because of the lack of
US and international response, much less condemnation, of
his crimes, including chemical weapons use, during the IranIraq war.²⁰
For the coup de grace, the United States would itself use
chemical weapons (i.e., white phosphorous and depleted

uranium) in its war on Iraq in 2003, causing spikes in cancer
rates and birth defects in such heavily-targeted areas as
Fallujah.²¹
***
When I think of the staggering numbers of victims of
Saddam’s chemical use, and of the United States’ own
chemical weapons use as well, combined with the near-total
silence of US government oﬃcials and US journalists when
these victims were losing their lives in the most cruel way, I
can’t help but think about the very diﬀerent reaction to the
alleged chemical attacks in Syria—attacks which have, by
all accounts, claimed many fewer lives.
In addition, the poor and one-sided coverage of such
events (e.g., with some of the press even claiming at the
time that Iran was somehow responsible for Saddam’s
attack against the Kurds) makes me quite wary of all press
coverage of foreign aﬀairs. Again, the Syrian chemical
attack coverage, which is aimed at vilifying Syria’s ally Iran
as much as Syria itself, comes to mind. Thus, the Western
press has simply treated it as a truism that the Syrian
government has carried out chemical attacks on its
population when there is certainly good evidence that it is
the US-backed rebels who have done so.²²
As writer and long-time peace activist Rick Sterling
recently opined, the chemical attacks in 2013 in Syria,
which suspiciously happened just when UN observers were
in Damascus, demonstrate the mainstream media’s bias on
such issues:
In August of 2013 we heard about a massive sarin gas
attack on the outskirts of Damascus. Human Rights Watch
and others promoting a western attack quickly accused the

Syrian government. They asserted that Assad had crossed
Obama’s “red line” and the US needed to intervene directly.
Subsequent investigations revealed the gas attack was not
carried out by the Syrian government. It was perpetrated by
a Turkish supported terrorist faction with the goal of
pressuring the Obama administration to directly attack
Syria. Two Turkish parliamentarians presented evidence of
Turkey’s involvement in the transfer of sarin. Some of the
best and most time-proven US investigative journalists,
including Robert Parry and Seymour Hersh, researched and
discovered the evidence points to Turkish supported
“rebels” not Syria. Despite the factual evidence exposing
the “junk heap” of false claims, mainstream media and their
followers continue to assert that Assad committed the
crime.²³
At the time of this alleged chemical attack, Donald Trump
tweeted out what was a reasonable note of caution to
Obama, stating, “The only reason President Obama wants to
attack Syria is to save face over his very dumb RED LINE
statement. Do NOT attack Syria, ﬁx U.S.A.” In the end, it
appears that Obama himself was ultimately convinced that
Syria did not carry out this attack given what appeared to
be his sudden about-face on attacking Syria just as he
seemed poised to do it. Even this, however, did not move
the press to modify its original coverage.
Similarly, the allegations about Assad’s use of chemical
weapons in early 2017, which precipitated Trump’s bombing
of targets outside Damascus—a bombing he carried out in
contravention of his own, earlier advice to Obama—fell
apart rather quickly. Thus, according to Colonel Lawrence
Wilkerson, the former chief of staﬀ for Secretary of State
Colin Powell, a number of US intelligence sources concluded

that Russia’s claims about the alleged chemical attack were
correct—that is, that what appeared to be a chemical attack
was the result of the Russian conventional bombing of an
ISIS warehouse which turned out to have chemicals stashed
in it.²⁴ The Russians had even informed the US military of its
intention to bomb this warehouse in advance. Wilkerson
went so far as to characterize the claims of a Syrian
chemical attack as a “hoax”—a hoax nonetheless swallowed
hook, line, and sinker by the mainstream press.
And now, as I write these words in April of 2018, we are
told of another alleged chemical attack in Syria. True to
form, this alleged attack is said to have occurred just days
after Trump announced that he had informed the US military
to prepare to leave Syria altogether. The newest allegations,
in addition to leading the United States to launch a missile
attack against Syria, will also predictably serve as
justiﬁcation for the United States to continue its presence in
Syria for the foreseeable future. In addition, this has served
as a pretext for Israel to attack Iranian targets in Syria. Few,
however, dare to ask whether this alleged attack was just
too suspiciously convenient for the purposes of keeping the
United States in a war which many in power seem to so
desperately want.
But again, even putting aside whether or not Syria has
carried out chemical attacks as alleged, the histrionics
shown toward the alleged attacks comes oﬀ to me as
selective, hypocritical, and just downright phony.

11
THE UNITED STATES, IRAN, AND THE
TALIBAN
RECENTLY, PRESIDENT TRUMP ANNOUNCED THAT HE would
be sending more troops to Afghanistan, and that we would
be staying in that country indeﬁnitely. Apparently, his
decision to up the ante in Afghanistan was encouraged by
his being shown a famous picture by former National
Security Advisor H.R. McMaster of women walking freely
down a street in Kabul wearing miniskirts and with books in
hand¹—the message being that we had to help Afghanistan
return to such days when women had rights. Of course,
what he was not told was that the photo was taken in 1972
when the Marxist and Soviet-allied government was in
power in Afghanistan.
It was the United States, as mentioned elsewhere in this
book, which ousted that government by supporting Islamic
extremist guerilla forces known as the Mujahideen, who
would ultimately topple the secular government in
Afghanistan and become the new, Taliban government. It
was the Taliban government, initially backed by the United
States well into 2001, who would suppress the very
women’s rights the US government now claims it wants
back in Afghanistan.
That is, it was the United States which played a key role
in taking the rights away from women in Afghanistan. But
Trump, apparently ignorant of such history, was easily
manipulated, never questioning whether the United States

had any credibility in claiming to be the protector of
women’s rights in Afghanistan. Sadly, Trump is not the only
American ignorant of the quite recent past, and, unless we
get up to speed on our history, we are sadly doomed to
repeat it.
Even before taking power in Afghanistan, the USsupported Mujahideen forces, which included Osama bin
Laden, were helping to roll back human rights in
Afghanistan. Thus, in the name of ﬁghting for freedom, they
“murdered teachers, doctors, and nurses, tortured women
for not wearing the veil and shot down civilian airliners with
US-made Stinger missiles.”²
But all is apparently fair in Cold War politics and the
pursuit of oil. As for the latter interest, oil was and is a key
reason for the US interest in Afghanistan, as it has been in
neighboring Iran, and it is the reason we may never leave
Afghanistan.
Few may remember that the United States was not only
playing ball with the Taliban until just shortly before 9/11,
but was in fact helping to bankroll it. And the reason was the
desire to help Unocal (now Chevron) fulﬁll its dream of
running a pipeline from the Caspian Sea region through
Afghanistan and into Asia.³
As Central Asian expert Ahmed Rashid explains, “
‘Impressed by the ruthlessness of the then-emerging Taliban
to cut a pipeline deal, the [US] State Department and
Pakistan’s Inter-Services Intelligence agency agreed [back in
1994] to funnel arms and funding to the Taliban in their war
against the ethnically Tajik North Alliance. As recently as
1999, US taxpayers paid the entire salary of every single
Taliban government oﬃcial,’ ” though the Taliban was not

even recognized by the United Nations as the government
of Afghanistan.⁴
The United States continued to aid the Taliban, pledging a
total of $124 million in aid to the Taliban in early 2001, just
several months before 9/11.⁵ However, when negotiations
between the United States and the Taliban began to sour
over the pipeline project, the United States threatened to
“carpet bomb” Afghanistan.⁶ Finally, the United States
decided to invade Afghanistan even prior to 9/11 in light of
the impasse over the oil pipeline, telling both India and
Pakistan in early 2001 that they planned to invade
Afghanistan in October. Jane’s Defense Newsletter reported
as early as March 2001 that the United States was planning
such an invasion.⁷
Of course, the casus belli for the Afghan invasion came
with the 9/11 attacks and the claim that the Taliban was
“harboring” Osama bin Laden, though he would not remain
in Afghanistan for very long and was ultimately found in
Pakistan. Meanwhile, the Taliban made it clear that it would
happily turn bin Laden over to the United States if it simply
provided evidence that bin Laden was indeed behind the
9/11 attacks. The United States, unconcerned with such
triﬂes as due process, refused this oﬀer and went ahead
with the invasion as it had intended to even before 9/11.
In truth, it should be noted that the United States could
never have complied with the Taliban’s request for evidence
anyway, or at least not suﬃcient evidence, as even the FBI
would have to admit. Thus, it was reported in 2006 that
while the FBI listed bin Laden on its “Most Wanted List,” the
FBI did not include the 9/11 attacks as a basis for this
listing. When asked why, Rex Tomb, then the FBI’s chief of
investigative publicity, admitted, “The reason why 9/11 is

not mentioned on Usama Bin Laden’s Most Wanted page is
because the FBI has no hard evidence connecting Bin Laden
to 9/11.”⁸
In any case, the United States was late to the party, for
Iran, along with Russia, had already been busy ﬁghting the
Taliban. Iran and Russia both would continue to ﬁght the
Taliban and to aid in the ﬁght against al-Qaeda after 9/11.
In terms of Iran speciﬁcally, a CBS/AP article explains that
Iran rounded up hundreds of Arabs to help the United States
counter al Qaeda after the Sept. 11 attack after they
crossed the border from Afghanistan. … Many were expelled
… and the Iranians made copies of almost 300 of their
passports. The copies were sent to Koﬁ Annan, then the
secretary-general of the United Nations, who passed them
to the United States, and U.S. interrogators were given a
chance by Iran to question some of the detainees.
[Hillary Mann] Leverett, a Middle East expert who was a
career U.S. Foreign Service oﬃcer, said she negotiated with
Iran for the Bush administration in the 2001-3 period, and
Iran sought a broader relationship with the United States.
“They thought they had been helpful on al Qaeda, and they
were” …
For one thing, she said, Iran denied sanctuary to
suspected al Qaeda operatives….
James F. Dobbins, the Bush administration’s chief
negotiator on Afghanistan in late 2001, said Iran was
“comprehensively helpful” in the aftermath of the 9-11
attack in 2001 in working to overthrow the Taliban militias’
rule and collaborating with the United States to install the
Karzai government in Kabul.

Iranian diplomats made clear at the time they were
looking for broader cooperation with the United States, but
the Bush administration was not interested….⁹
As thanks for Iran’s eﬀorts in aiding the ﬁght on terror,
President Bush used the occasion of his ﬁrst State of the
Union address in January 2002 to declare Iran a member of
the “axis of evil”—along with North Korea and Iraq (a
longtime enemy of both Iran but also al-Qaeda as well).
Bush also refused to restore diplomatic relations, and
instead aligned closer to Saudi Arabia, a longtime enemy of
Iran and a country which has gone out of its way to aid the
terrorists the United States is claiming to ﬁght.
Bush’s “axis of evil” speech emboldened hard-liners in
Iran and weakened those who wanted a more cooperative
relationship with the United States. As Iranian scholar Trita
Parsi relates, “There are few examples where such an
undiplomatic statement was made at such a sensitive time
—just weeks after Iran had proved itself an indispensable
ally in Afghanistan. Hard-liners in Tehran … argued that Iran
shouldn’t have oﬀered the United States help without
exacting a price up front.”¹⁰
As Parsi explains, some of the Iranian diplomats who had
been reaching out to the United States to ﬁnd common
cause in the war on terror and other areas of mutual
concern “were later forced to pay for this ﬁasco with their
careers, making others in Iran’s foreign policy circles think
twice before extending a hand of friendship to” the United
States. Bush’s clear message to Iran was, as the old adage
goes, “no good deed goes unpunished.”
President Bush’s tough rhetoric against Iran, moreover,
was combined with action, with the United States
aggressively supporting terrorist attacks against that

country while also imposing harsh economic sanctions. As
journalist Jonathan Cook notes, beginning in 2005, the
United States began supporting
a Pakistani militant group, led by a former Taliban ﬁghter,
that was launching guerilla raids into Baluchi areas of Iran.
The group was kidnapping and murdering Iranians, as well
as exploding bombs, in what appeared to be attempts at
destabilizing the region. In addition to these repeated
humiliations, the concerted attempts by the US and Israel to
denigrate Iran’s leader, the constant drumbeat of war
against Tehran and the UN-imposed sanctions regime were
pushing in the same direction: the weakening of social ties
holding Iran together.¹¹
All of this combined not only to embolden those in the
Iranian leadership who wanted a tougher stance against the
United States and adversaries in the region, but also helped
to stymie the liberal reforms which had been taking place
since 1997.
As Trita Parsi explains,
Iran had what some consider a second revolution on May
23, 1997. Defying Tehran’s political and religious
establishment, the Iranian people used what little room they
had to send a clear signal to the ruling regime: Change must
come! Turning out in massive numbers, they went to the
polls and elected an unknown librarian, Seyyed Mohammad
Khatami, as their next president. Khatami ran on a platform
of rule of law, democracy, improved relations with the
outside world, and an inclusive political system. Thanks to a
record turnout of women and youth, Khatami won a
landslide victory over his conservative opponent. … Not only
would eﬀorts to moderate Iran’s internal and external

policies continue [as they had begun under Khatami’s
predecessor], but they would signiﬁcantly intensify in spite
of tough resistance from conservative elements in the
regime.¹²
But Bush’s aggressions against Iran impeded this
burgeoning reform movement. As Jonathan Cook explains,
“In a predictable response, Iran’s government increased its
repressive policies, reversing” the liberalization process
begun under President Khatami and further straining social
cohesion.¹³
Ultimately, Bush’s designation of Iran as an enemy state,
combined with multiple attacks against the Iranian
government and population, played an important role in the
election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, considered by the West
to be a “hard-liner,” in 2005. Ahmadinejad would remain as
Iranian
President
until
2013.
Iranians
turned
to
Ahmadinejad, who was much more hostile to the United
States and Israel, in direct reaction to the aggressive US
stance toward Iran. In short, they chose security over more
rights, as voters so often do.
The liberal reforms which the West claims it wants to see
in Iran were consequently put oﬀ for almost another decade.
At the same time, it must be said that, as I learned in Iran,
while Ahmadinejad was not a reformer in the liberal sense,
he did do much to support the poor in Iran and remains very
popular with the poor to this day. This is but one more
attribute of Ahmadinejad which the United States ﬁnds
reprehensible.
***
On another note, the Washington Post reported in December
2001, just after the US invasion of Afghanistan, that it was

fully expected that there would be a surge in Afghan poppy
production as a consequence of the invasion and the
ousting of the Taliban which had, despite all its other many
faults, been eﬀective in its eﬀorts to nearly eradicate the
crop.¹⁴
And, of course, as predicted, the poppy crop production
has exploded since the US invasion over sixteen years ago
and despite, or possibly because of, the United States’ huge
presence there. As the Washington Post reported in 2006 in
an article entitled, “Afghanistan Opium Crop Sets Record,”
Opium cultivation was outlawed during Taliban rule in the
late 1990s and was nearly eliminated by 2001. After the
overthrow of the Taliban government by U.S. forces in the
fall of that year, the Bush administration said that keeping a
lid on production was among its highest priorities. But
corruption and alliances formed by Washington and the
Afghan government with anti-Taliban tribal chieftains, some
of whom are believed to be deeply involved in the trade,
undercut the eﬀort.¹⁵
Going on to explain that by 2006 Afghanistan was providing
90 percent of the world’s heroine, the Post quoted Afghan
President Hamid Karzai as saying, “Once we thought
terrorism was Afghanistan’s biggest enemy” but now
“poppy, its cultivation and drugs are Afghanistan’s major
enemy.”
What all of this demonstrates is the utter bankruptcy of
US policy, not only toward Iran, but also toward the rest of
the world, particularly in the Middle and Near East, and how
that policy is also devastating for us at home where Trump
has just declared opiate addiction a “national health
emergency.”

Meanwhile, in an interesting move, the Taliban, in
February 2018, published an open letter to the American
people in which it laid its case for why the United States
should leave Afghanistan after seventeen years of
occupation, and one has to admit that they set forth a quite
compelling case:
In 2001 when your ex-president George W. Bush ordered the
invasion of Afghanistan, his justiﬁcation for that felonious
act was the elimination the Islamic Emirate (Taliban) and AlQaeda.
But despite continuing this bloody war for seventeen
years and accepting huge casualties and ﬁnancial losses,
your current president Donald Trump—to continue the illegal
17 year old war in Afghanistan—acknowledged increased
insecurity and emergence of multiple groups instead of the
single uniﬁed Islamic Emirate (Taliban)….
No matter what title or justiﬁcation is presented by your
undiscerning authorities for the war in Afghanistan, the
reality is that tens of thousands of helpless Afghans
including women and children were martyred by your forces,
hundreds of thousands were injured and thousands more
were incarcerated in Guantanamo, Bagram and various
other secret jails and treated in such a humiliating way that
has not only brought shame upon humanity but is also a
violation of all claims of American culture and civilization.
In this lopsided war and as conﬁrmed by your own
military authorities, 3546 American and foreign soldiers
have been killed, more than 20,000 American forces injured
and tens of thousands more are suﬀering mentally but in
reality the amount of your casualties is several times higher
and is deliberately being concealed by your leaders.
Similarly this war has cost you trillions of dollars thus

making it one of the bloodiest, longest and costliest wars in
the contemporary history of your country.¹⁶
What have we gotten for this expenditure of blood and
treasure, the Taliban ask? Their answer, which seems quite
correct: “insecurity, chaos and 87% increase in narcotics. …
You proclaim to be a developed and civilized nation of the
world. Is this the civilization, modernity and rule of law
proclaimed by you in the world?”
Describing itself in much the same way that Iranians
could describe their country, the Taliban describe
Afghanistan as “a country which has maintained its
independence throughout its several thousand year history.
Even in the 19th and 20th century when most Muslim
countries were occupied by the then European imperial
powers, Afghanistan was the only country in the region to
preserve its independence and despite an eighty year
imperialistic endeavor, the British failed to make them
accept occupation.” Of course, the Soviets could not subdue
Afghanistan, aptly known as the “graveyard of empires,”
either.
And, neither can the United States. As the Taliban
explains, “Only this past September—in accordance with
Trump’s new strategy—American forces used all their new
powers and carried out 751 air strikes. You should ask your
Generals that despite using such force, have you retaken
even a single inch of land from the Taliban or have they
become even more powerful.” Of course, we know that the
Taliban has only become more powerful.
The American people need to hear these quite rational
words of the Taliban and realize that we have lost in
Afghanistan, if there was ever anything there to win, and
that we need to end the occupation and accept the

inevitable rule of the Taliban, whether we like it or not. At
the same time, we should learn from the experience in
Afghanistan what heartache we would face by invading its
next-door neighbor, Iran—another sizable country which has
maintained its identity and uniﬁed nationhood for many
centuries.

12
THE UNITED STATES, SAUDI ARABIA, AND
THE WAR ON YEMEN
THERE IS NO BETTER EXAMPLE OF the utter depravity of the
United States’ foreign policy in the Middle East than the war
on Yemen. And, as per usual, the US State Department,
along with its compliant press, have attempted to justify the
crimes upon that country due to the claimed need to
counter the actions of Iran.
The United States’ backing of the ugly war on Yemen
began under President Obama, whose UN ambassador at
the time was, quite ironically it turns out, Samantha Power.
The irony is that Samantha Power is famous for her Pulitzerprize winning book, A Problem from Hell, which condemned
the world’s failure to stop genocide throughout the world. As
UN ambassador, however, Power would become an
apologist for the genocide which the United States was, and
continues to be, aiding and abetting in Yemen.
According to the standard narrative that we are meant to
believe, the Saudi-led coalition (consisting mostly of other
Gulf States like the United Arab Emirates) is ﬁghting “Iranbacked” Houthis who ended up ousting the government of
Yemen, at the time backed by the Gulf Cooperation Council
(GCC), in 2014. The Houthis are further described as
“proxies for Iran.”
Of course, once we hear the term “Iran-backed” or “Iran
proxies,” we are then meant to be at best indiﬀerent to
what suﬀering is inﬂicted upon those forces so described.

The desired impact of such loaded language is in essence to
lull us back into our usual posture of not caring.
The truth is, however, that (1) it is unfair to reduce the
Houthis to some type of pawns or proxies of Iran as we are
led to believe; and (2) whatever relationship they may have
with Iran could not possibly justify the mass slaughter of
Yemeni civilians which is being carried out by the Saudi
coalition with critical US/UK assistance.
First, as Christopher Davidson points out, two successive
US ambassadors to Yemen have expressed criticism about
claims that the Houthis are somehow an “instrument of
Iran” in the latter’s alleged quest to secure a “beachhead in
the Arabian Peninsula.” Davidson further notes that such
claims are belied by the Houthis’ alliance with the Sunni
groups in Yemen as well as the fact that “many of the tribes
in ‘ﬁercely Sunni areas’ of Yemen were understood to have
welcomed their advances in 2015.” Indeed,
[a] recent Saudi defector and former head of air operations
at an airbase near Dhahran has largely corroborated this
view, arguing this was not about sectarianism but rather ‘a
war [by the Saudi coalition] against the Yemeni nation and
against Yemen becoming independent.’ As anthropologist
and Yemen specialist Gabriele vom Bruck has similarly
pointed out, the Houthis ‘want Yemen to be independent,
that is the key idea, they don’t want to be controlled by
Saudi or the Americans, and they certainly don’t want to
replace the Saudis with the Iranians.’¹
Similarly, Yemeni Nobel Peace laureate Tawakkol Karman
recently told Reuters that what the war on Yemen is about is
the eﬀort of Saudi Arabia and UAE to “to exercise an ugly
occupation and greater inﬂuence,” and that Saudi Arabia

and the United Arab Emirates had “betrayed the Yemenis
and sold them out” by using the coup of the Houthi militia
as a pretext for their expansionist aims.² She also stated,
“Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates (UAE),
monarchies where the state and ruling families are
intertwined, seek to turn back the clock on political progress
in Yemen and abroad.” She accused these countries of
viewing “the Arab Spring as their ﬁrst enemy,” and called
upon them to end their occupation of Yemen immediately.
But again, as is true with most foreign policy issues, the
facts do not matter, just the labels the US State Department
decides to paint those facts with.
Moreover, at the same time we are led to believe that the
Yemeni war is about ﬁghting “Iran-backed” Houthis, we are
rarely told that the Saudi monarchial and retrograde
coalition, and their plan for regional expansion, is “USbacked” and “UK-backed”—a fact which is undeniably true.
As longtime peace activist Kathy Kelly—who I proudly spent
an evening with in Cook County jail after being arrested for
peacefully singing politically-themed Christmas carols in
Chicago’s Water Tower Place to protest the war in El
Salvador—explains,
The Iranian government [House Speaker Paul] Ryan
denounced does have allies in Yemen and may be
smuggling weapons into Yemen, but no one has accused
them of supplying the Houthi rebels with cluster bombs,
laser-guided missiles and littoral (near-coastal) combat ships
to blockade ports vital to famine relief. Iran does not provide
in-air refueling for warplanes used in daily bombing runs
over Yemen [as the U.S. does]. The U.S. has sold all of these
to countries in the Saudi-led coalition which have, in turn,
used these weapons to destroy Yemen’s infrastructure as

well as create chaos and exacerbate suﬀering among
civilians in Yemen.³
By refusing to honestly discuss such facts, the American
press has been complicit in allowing for massive crimes in
Yemen to continue.
And yet, very serious observers had been accusing
President Obama for some time of committing war crimes
through his logistical assistance to the brutal Saudi air
oﬀensive against Yemen. As Foreign Policy noted back in
October 2015,⁴ the fact that the United States is supporting
the Saudi coalition military oﬀensive against Yemen—in the
form of intelligence, logistics (including mid-air refueling of
Saudi jets), and even cluster bombs—and “inﬂicting extreme
hardship on civilians in one of the Mideast’s poorest
countries provides an awkward counterpoint to the Obama
administration’s stated commitment to stand up for the
region’s oppressed people.” The same article noted that
even some US lawmakers were concerned about the legal
implications for the United States:
The humanitarian crisis in Yemen has received too little
attention, and it directly, or indirectly, implicates us,” said
Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), who noted that the airstrikes may
violate legislation he authored barring the United States
from providing security assistance to countries responsible
for gross human rights abuses. “The reports of civilian
casualties from Saudi air attacks in densely populated areas
compel us to ask if these operations, supported by the
United States, violate” that law, Leahy told Foreign Policy in
an emailed statement.⁵
In addition to the military support for the Saudi coalition
operations, this same piece explains that the United States

has also provided diplomatic cover at the United Nations.
Thus, the US Mission to the UN Security Council, including
Samantha Power herself, scuttled a proposal which merely
would have asked all the key actors to cooperate with
human rights investigations in Yemen and would have
reminded them to abide by international humanitarian law
norms and human rights law in the prosecution of the
conﬂict. Even this was too much for the United States, which
has been hell-bent on seeing that this war goes on without
limit.
Even after such serious criticism was being leveled
against his actions, Obama decided to double down support
for the Saudi coalition oﬀensive, approving the sale of $1.29
billion in smart bombs to Saudi Arabia—a sale which, among
other things, was intended to replenish Saudi Arabia’s
arsenal in attacking Yemen.
For his part, President Trump entered into a historically
massive arms deal with Saudi Arabia near the beginning of
his term in the spring of 2017, and as the war continued
unabated. As The Independent explained,
Donald Trump has signed the largest arms deal in history
with Saudi Arabia despite warnings he could be accused of
being complicit in war crimes and after blaming Saudi
Arabia himself for producing the terrorists behind 9/11.
The President conﬁrmed he had signed a weapons deal
with the Saudis worth $109.7 billion, predicted to grow to a
$380 billion Saudi investment within 10 years, during his
ﬁrst trip abroad since his inauguration.⁶
Meanwhile, the human toll of this conﬂict is simply
staggering. The war on Yemen could in fact be the worst
humanitarian disaster since WWII. Indeed, in early 2018 Al

Jazeera quoted UN humanitarian chief Mark Lowcock as
saying that what we are witnessing in Yemen “looks like an
apocalypse” and predicting that Yemen could become the
worst humanitarian disaster in half a century, with millions
on the verge of starvation; the largest cholera outbreak in
modern history, with a million people aﬄicted so far; and
with an epidemic of diphtheria which will “spread like
wildﬁre.”⁷
In terms of Yemenis starving as a result of the
combination of the war and US/Saudi blockade, the numbers
are monumental. As the UN Oﬃce for the Coordination of
Human Aﬀairs (OCHA) relates:
After more than three years of escalating conﬂict, Yemeni
people continue to bear the brunt of ongoing hostilities and
severe economic decline. An alarming 22.2 million people in
Yemen need some kind of humanitarian or protection
assistance, an estimated 17.8 million are food insecure—8.4
million people are severely food insecure and at risk of
starvation—16 million lack access to safe water and
sanitation, and 16.4 million lack access to adequate
healthcare. Needs across the country have increased
steadily, with 11.3 million who are in acute need—an
increase of more than one million people in acute need of
humanitarian assistance to survive.⁸
What is just as incredible as the disaster in Yemen itself is
the near silence about this crisis, and the US role in it, in the
media. And, while few would be surprised that President
Trump is complicit in this aﬀair, it was actually President
Obama that helped get it rolling, and yet this has not
stopped his liberal base from nearly deifying him. This
despite the fact that the numbers who will surely die in

Yemen will rival or exceed those killed in the worst years of
Joseph Stalin.
The disconnect on this issue is quite revealing of the
dynamics of US foreign policy and how it is viewed in the US
press and in the US consciousness. Obviously, this
demonstrates the stark double standard between how we
view the “crimes of others” and our own crimes. But also, it
shows that just the mere specter of Iran being involved on
the other side of a conﬂict seems to allow the United States
oﬀ the hook for anything it does in that conﬂict. This shows
how powerful the viliﬁcation of Iran is, even in a case where
the United States and its allies are doing the lion’s share of
the killing.
The reaction to the events in Yemen is also reﬂective of
another important phenomenon as well—that is, the longstanding view of the United States that those we have
decided to subjugate have no right to self-defense. Thus,
current UN Ambassador Nikki Haley recently went before
the United Nations to try to prove that Iran had provided the
Houthi rebels with short-range missiles which, she and the
Saudis claimed, were ﬁred upon Saudi Arabia a whopping
total of two times!⁹ Haley declared that “the ﬁght against
Iranian aggression is the world’s ﬁght. The US is acting
today in the spirit of transparency and international
cooperation that is necessary to defeat this threat.”¹⁰
Even putting aside the fact that the “evidence” of the
Iranian supplying of such missiles is at best equivocal, with
some UN experts serious expressing doubts about this
claim,¹¹ what if this allegation were true?
In the same Guardian article, the authors state the
obvious—that is, that “the Saudi-led coalition leading the
ﬁght against the Houthis in Yemen, which has been supplied

with weaponry by the US, the UK and other allies, has been
accused of the indiscriminate killing of civilians through its
aerial bombing campaign and by its blockade of rebelcontrolled areas of the country.” The truth is that the “war”
in Yemen is really a one-sided assault by the Saudi Coalition,
with the support of the United States and the United
Kingdom, against the Yemeni people.
The fact is that morality, international law (including
Article 51 of the UN Charter), and just plain common sense
allow for Yemen to defend itself against this attack. And,
armed forces in Yemen have every right to attack Saudi
Arabia in order to engage in such self-defense, and to enlist
the support of others, like Iran, to help them do so. Under
Article 51, this would be known as the right of collective
self-defense.
But, since the founding of our country, such self-defense
is not permitted of those we designate as our enemies, even
if, as is almost always the case, they are much weaker than
ourselves. As Vietnam veteran and longtime peace activist
Brian S. Willson has explained, “imperial US military
principles” were set forth centuries ago with George
Washington’s orders of 1789 to Major General Sullivan to
“lay waste to all [indigenous] settlements around … that the
[native] country not be merely overrun but destroyed … You
will not by any means listen to any overtures for peace
before the total ruin of their settlements. … Our future
security will be in their inability to injure us … and in the
terror which the severity of the chastisement they receive
will inspire in them.”¹²
From this order, Willson and others, like author John
Marciano, have gleaned a number of principles, including
the “crime of self-defense.” The United States may brutalize

and attempt to decimate an entire nation or people, but
those people are never allowed to ﬁght back. Such ﬁghting
back is indeed cause for even more brutality on the part of
the United States. We see this time and again, for example
in the Vietnam War when the claim that the Vietnamese
attacked two US military vessels (this claim turned out to be
untrue) in the Gulf of Tonkin enraged US Congressional
representatives who then voted overwhelmingly in response
to fund the war eﬀorts which, up till then, they had been
reluctant to do.
Again, forget the fact that the allegations were not
factually true. Even if they were, the idea that somehow the
Vietnamese could not ﬁght back as the United States was
demolishing their country with aerial bombs, napalm, and
Agent Orange seems preposterous. And yet, that was in fact
the overwhelming opinion of our leaders. Indeed, it would
have been completely justiﬁable for Vietnam to attack the
continental United States in order to defend itself (which of
course never happened) but this seems unthinkable. Surely,
the United States would have wiped it oﬀ the map if it had
dared to do such a thing.
Similarly, I remember quite vividly, when, at the outset of
the US invasion of Iraq in 2003, the two spokespeople for
the Defense Department described in horror how the badly
outgunned Iraqis were using guerilla tactics to try in vain to
repel the invasion. One example given was how a pregnant
Iraqi woman lured a US convoy into halting, whereupon she
threw a grenade in its direction. The Defense spokespeople
declared, without any tongue in cheek or any irony in their
voice, that such tactics were actually proof of why the
invasion was necessary to begin with. Surely, the argument

went, any people who would engage in such self-defense
tactics deserved to be attacked.
And, in the case of the Yemenis, if they dare try to defend
themselves from complete annihilation, and even go so far
as to obtain help from our enemies, such as Iran, to do so,
this is cause to punish the Yemenis and the Iranians even
more. While such reasoning appears insane to the
dispassionate observer, I cannot remember the last time
someone called it out as such. This is so because the insane
has become the new normal in the United States, especially
when it comes to its treatment of others.

13
AVOIDING A WAR WITH IRAN
Our swollen budgets constantly have been misrepresented
to the public. Our government has kept us in a perpetual
state of fear—kept us in a perpetual stampede of patriotic
fervor—with the cry of a grave national emergency. Always
there has been some terrible evil at home or some
monstrous foreign power that was going to gobble us up if
we did not blindly rally behind it by furnishing the exorbitant
funds demanded. Yet, in retrospect, these disasters seem
never to have happened, seem never to have been quite
real.
—General Douglas MacArthur, July 30, 1957
TO SUM UP THE FOREGOING, THE United States ousted
Mossadegh and put in place the Shah who then, among
other things, crushed the Iranian left with US
encouragement and assistance. The people of Iran rose up,
quite predictably, against the murderous Shah, led ﬁrst and
foremost by the only force left to lead them—the radical
Islamic clerics. Meanwhile, the United States supported the
Mujahideen to undermine the secular, left government in
Afghanistan, eventually ushering in the Taliban and giving
rise to al-Qaeda. Al-Qaeda then turned on the United States
and, among other things, carried out the atrocious 9/11
attacks against the United States. The United States, which
had been supporting the Taliban, then attacked the Taliban
with the help of Iran, but refused Iran’s oﬀer of an olive
branch. As a consequence of the Afghan invasion,

meanwhile, the United States unleashed a huge explosion in
heroin production which continues to haunt our own citizens
to this day.
The United States would then go on to attack Iraq after
9/11, though it had nothing to do with 9/11, based upon
claims about weapons of mass destruction which Iraq really
didn’t have. The United States successfully overthrew
Saddam Hussein, a mortal enemy of Al-Qaeda, ushering in a
Shiite government which, quite predictably, aligned with
Iran, thereby strengthening Iran’s hand in the Middle East.
Now, the United States feels the need to weaken Iran given
that it had predictably strengthened Iran through the Iraqi
invasion, and the United States is aiding and abetting the
very forces who attacked us on 9/11 to carry out the
containment of Iran.
And, instead of taking any responsibility for any of this,
the United States blames Iran, and to some extent Russia
and Assad in Syria, for all the problems confronting the
Middle East, and the US government would have us believe
that one more regime change in Iran will help ﬁx all of this.
Of course, this ignores the fact that none of the other
regime changes the United States has been involved in have
done anything but make matters worse. And this should not
be surprising given the reactionary forces the United States
has partnered with to bring about regime change.
In his brilliant Humanitarian Imperialism,¹ the Belgian
physicist and intellectual, Jean Bricmont, explains that US
imperialism can indeed be distinguished from more
traditional forms of colonialism in that the latter, while
certainly brutal and inexcusable, nonetheless were
modernizing to a degree in terms of spreading progressive
medical ideas, advanced scientiﬁc knowledge, and liberal,

democratic values. The United States’ imperial policy, on
the other hand, “has very often been directed against
movements that were essentially ‘modernizing’ … and
merely sought to enable those societies to beneﬁt from the
advantages of science, and, in some cases, democracy.”
And, “to defeat such progressive movements, Western
powers have often supported the most feudal and
obscurantist tendencies….”
Sometimes, and indeed most times in recent years, the
United States, when overturning a foreign government
which has dared to stray too far beyond the reservation,
does not even bother to replace it with any government at
all. Take the case of Libya, for example, which is now ruled
by chaos, and where there are now public slave markets,
where human beings are auctioned oﬀ for as little as $400 a
person, thanks to the NATO invasion of 2011.²
As one commentator correctly notes, the literally
hundreds of thousands of bombs dropped on the countries
of the Middle and Near East and Northern Africa by George
W. Bush, Obama, and Trump, and the nearly 300,000
occupation troops these presidents have sent to 138
countries, “far from establishing the ‘Pax Americana,’
promised by policymakers and military strategists in the
1990s, from Paul Wolfowitz, Dick Cheney to Madeleine
Albright and Hillary Clinton, the results have been
consistently catastrophic, producing what the new National
Defense Strategy calls, ‘increased global disorder,
characterized by decline in the long-standing rules-based
international order.’ ”³
This same commentator quotes a US veteran of the Iraq
and Afghan wars, and a former West Point instructor, Major
Danny Sjursen, as candidly admitting, “The truth is, … I

fought for next to nothing, for a country that, in recent
conﬂicts, has made the world a deadlier, chaotic place.”
In addition, this commentator opines that there are those
in both political parties opposed to the Joint Comprehensive
Plan of Action (also known as the “Iran Nuclear Deal”),
despite the fact that Iran’s compliance with the Plan has
been well-documented, because of the dangerous precedent
it sets—that negotiations between nations, treating each
other as equals, can actually succeed over war, one-side
military intervention, and coup d’êtat, the latter being
tactics which will always favor the militarily superior United
States. This is a lesson which many in the US political and
military establishment do not want other countries, like
North Korea or Venezuela, for example, to learn.
Anyone looking at this series of events would have to
conclude that the US intervention in the Middle and Near
East, apart from destroying the lives of millions in that
region, has been utterly counterproductive to the United
States national security interests, at least if one views the
safety of US civilians as synonymous with national security,
and counterproductive to the United States’ stated goals of
advancing democracy and freedom.
Rather, the only interests which could possibly be viewed
as being advanced by such an otherwise insane foreign
policy are the oil companies and the military-industrial
complex which proﬁt from this policy—whether or not that
policy succeeds in ways in which most rational humans
would measure as success.
Meanwhile, the chances for a military conﬂict with Iran
seem to be growing every day, and there are certainly
oﬃcials in the White House who are gunning for such a war.
At the same time, the American press appears to be doing

its level best to fan the ﬂames of war with an incessant
refrain of blaming Iran for everything going wrong in the
Middle East.
I am not the only one fearful of the United States’
seeming plunge toward war with Iran, or of the dire
consequences which would follow. Lawrence Wilkerson, who
as chief of staﬀ for Secretary of State Colin Powell wrote
Powell’s infamous UN “yellow cake” speech about Saddam
Hussein’s alleged pursuit of nuclear weapons—a speech
which was so critical in paving the way for the invasion of
Iraq in 2003—is also fearful.
Indeed, Wilkerson wrote an op-ed for the New York Times
on February 5, 2018, in which he expressed this fear. This
opinion piece is entitled, “I Helped Sell the False Choice of
War Once. It is Happening Again.”
In this piece, Wilkerson expresses his opinion, which is
quite hard to dispute, that the 2003 invasion of Iraq
“destabilized the entire Middle East.” As he warns, “This
should not be forgotten, since the Trump administration is
using much the same playbook to create a false impression
that war is the only way to address the threats posed by
Iran.”⁴ Just as with the false claims about WMDs in Iraq that
were the pretext for the 2003 invasion, Wilkerson notes that
UN Ambassador Nikki Haley is now making false claims
about Iran’s ballistic missile program and about its role in
Yemen, using the same game plan as the one used by Bush
and Cheney back in 2003 to push us into a war with Iran
now.
Wilkerson says that other obvious signs of a push for war
with Iran can be seen in “the president’s decertiﬁcation
ultimatum in January that Congress must ‘ﬁx’ the Iran
nuclear deal, despite the reality of Iran’s compliance; the

White House’s pressure on the intelligence community to
cook up evidence of Iran’s noncompliance; and the
administration’s choosing to view the recent protests in Iran
as the beginning of regime change.”
He is not alone in this view. Thus, according to a research
report published by the Congressional Research Service and
authored by Kenneth Katzman, a former CIA analyst
specializing in Iran, Iraq, and the Gulf states, Trump’s
putting Iran “on notice” that he may not recertify the Iran
nuclear deal is strong evidence that he may be considering
the possibility of pushing for regime change, including
through military means.⁵
Moreover, Trump’s recent appointments are a signal that
war with Iran may be near at hand. The fact that Trump has
appointed John Bolton, a longtime advocate of regime
change in Iran and an open supporter of the MEK terrorists,
as his national security adviser could be no greater
evidence of Trump’s violent designs upon Iran.
In addition, Trump has now nominated former CIA
Director Mike Pompeo to replace Rex Tillerson as secretary
of state—another ominous sign that we are drawing closer
to war with Iran. As an initial matter, the very idea that a
former CIA director with absolutely no diplomatic experience
would head up the United States’ diplomatic department
should be frightening to anyone wanting a more peaceful
world. Such a move suggests that the United States has
given up on any desire to try to resolve its issues with other
countries through discussion rather than confrontation and
intrigue. Indeed, former CIA Director Pompeo as secretary of
state will greatly resemble the Dulles brothers’ simultaneous
heading up of both the CIA and Department of State—a
poisonous combination which led the United States into its

fateful role in overthrowing Mohammed Mossadegh in Iran
and Jacobo Arbenz in Guatemala.
Even more to the point, as The Times of Israel
emphasizes, Pompeo is an avowed hawk on Iran, having
“sought a more aggressive approach toward Tehran since
joining the administration as CIA Director in January of
2017.”⁶ Pompeo has been opposed to the nuclear deal with
Iran from the very beginning, and has taken every
opportunity to vilify Iran, referring to it as “the world’s
largest state sponsor of terrorism,” “a thuggish police state
and a despotic theocracy.” Incredibly, he has even equated
the Islamic Republic of Iran with its mortal enemy ISIS.
According to Diplomacy Words, a group which has
supported the Iran nuclear deal and which desires a more
constructive relationship with Iran, Pompeo is an individual
“who prefers military intervention over diplomacy,” and
whose elevation to secretary of state could “plunge our
nation into another war in the region.” Meanwhile, Saudi
Arabia’s crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman, expressed to
CBS’s 60 Minutes that Saudi Arabia would be interested in
developing its own nuclear weapons with the assistance of
the West should the nuclear deal with Iran be scrapped and
Iran decide to pursue a nuclear weapons program. The risk
of some type of conﬂagration in the Middle East, with Iran at
its epicenter, is indeed becoming a very real possibility.
For his part, Wilkerson rightly warns that a “war with Iran,
a country of almost 80 million people whose vast strategic
depth and diﬃcult terrain make it a far greater challenge
than Iraq, would be 10 to 15 times worse than the Iraq war
in terms of casualties and costs,” and would only further
destabilize the Middle East. To put this more precisely, this

would translate into a total of ten to ﬁfteen million deaths
and amount to $20 to $30 trillion in costs!
And, just as I do, Wilkerson laments the fact that “the
American people have apparently become so accustomed to
executive warmongering” that neither they, nor the
mainstream press, are willing to contest “the politicization
of intelligence and shortsighted policy decisions to make the
case for war.” Indeed, he is rightly appalled that “news
outlets latched onto claims” about “Iran’s [alleged] support
of al-Qaeda’s war with the United States,” when in fact Iran
has been a mortal enemy of al-Qaeda, and while US ally
Saudi Arabia can more truthfully be said to be a friend to alQaeda.
Of course, this should not be surprising given the press’
complicit role in pushing the lies that led us into the war
with Iraq in 2003, and in pushing the lies and half-truths that
have led us into every war we have fought since WWII.
In a separate interview with the The Real News Network,
dated February 6, 2018, Wilkerson also makes it clear that,
despite Israel’s histrionic claims to the contrary, Iran does
not pose a real threat to Israel.⁷ The fact that Israel has
about two hundred nuclear weapons to Iran’s none is a good
place to start in analyzing claims around this issue.
And ﬁnally, in the same interview, Wilkerson, quite
interestingly, agrees with the assessment of Noam Chomsky
that one of the big reasons that hawks in the US
government are so bent on taking on Iran is because of
what they see as the United States’ humiliating loss to Iran
in the 1979 overthrow of the US-backed Shah. As Chomsky
himself put it, Washington is compelled by its perceived
“need to punish Iran for overthrowing the murderous tyrant,
the shah, imposed in 1953 by the US and UK coup that

destroyed the Iranian parliamentary system.” In the same
way, the United States continues to punish Nicaragua for its
1979 revolution as well.
The standoﬀ with Iran is becoming more dangerous every
day. As I write these words, the news is reporting on a
drone, which Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
claimed to be Iranian, being launched into the Golan Heights
—a disputed area which was once a part of Syria (Syria still
claims, it of course) and then seized by Israel in 1981,
though the international community does not recognize this
annexation. Netanyahu claimed that the “Iranian drone”
was launched into Israeli territory—not technically true—and
accused Iran, and Syria as well, of playing a very
provocative and dangerous game with Israel. Netanyahu,
meanwhile, has never been bashful about his desire to be
rid of the current Iranian government.

CONCLUSION
AND SO, WHEREIN LIES THE PATH forward with Iran? In my
view, the ﬁrst place to start is to recognize Iran as a
sovereign nation with the same rights as any country,
including the United States, to exist and to exercise the type
of government its people wish. Indeed, no less is
guaranteed to Iran by the United Nations Charter which
treats all nations as equal.
Another place to begin is to accept the fact that it is the
United States which has caused immensely more suﬀering
to Iran than they have or even could cause to us. Indeed,
the average Iranian reasonably must wonder why the United
States hates them so, having undermined and then
overthrown their beloved prime minister in 1953; installed
the Shah and helped create his repressive SAVAK; supported
a brutal eight-year war against it, complete with banned
chemical weapons attacks; shot down one of its civilian
airliners; and continued to punish the people of Iran with
Draconian economic sanctions, an oil war, and support of
anti-Iranian terrorist groups.
In a very real way, the United States has, through
decades of meddling, helped make Iran what it is today.
Acknowledging this makes it much harder, of course, to
vilify Iran and its government, for that government is a
reﬂection of our interference in that country. The recognition
of this also leads to the conclusion that there is no quick ﬁx
to Iran’s problems, especially in the way of another
Westernbacked coup.
Self-described feminist and Iranian-American author
Fathemeh Keshavarz, who wrote a book to try to counter the

utterly negative picture of Iran painted by the wildly popular
Reading Lolita in Tehran (RLT), warns against looking at
Iran’s current situation “with no reference to serious
problems that plagued Iran under the Shah” and with the
1979 revolution made to appear as being “motivated by a
longing for fanaticism and a dislike for freedom and
modernization.”¹ As Fathemeh explains,
What is happening in the non-Western parts of the world,
and in this case Iran, is a result of decades, at times
centuries, of unresolved issues. While many local problems
are at the root of these issues, the part that powerful
nations of the world have played in sustaining—and at times
exploiting—the mess is by no means negligible. These range
from the outright colonization of territories and reckless
pursuit of short-term economic goals to cultural illiteracy
and disrespect. The resulting injustice, poverty, and
totalitarianism are now exploding in our faces. The worst
approach we can take to these problems is to consider them
the work of the wicked witch, to be vanished with one move
of the good fairy’s magic wand.
Fathemeh, who lived under both the Shah and the Ayatollah,
is critical of the one-sided portrayal of Iran by Azar Naﬁsi,
the author of RLT, who lived only under the post-1979
revolutionary government and therefore lacked Fathemeh’s
more historical perspective.
As a side note, it is curious that Azar Naﬁsi received
nearly $700,000 in US foundation grants before and just
after publishing her book, which objectively served the
interests of anti-Iranian hawks by absolutely trashing
present-day Iran.² Of course, as the title suggests, the book
is about the alleged intolerance of Iranian society, for

example toward
Nabokov’s Lolita.

Western

literature

such

as

Vladimir

As Fathemeh explains, Western literature is widely taught
and read in Iran, including in the universities, and Azar
Naﬁsi’s dissertation on Nabokov was indeed published by
Iran’s Islamic government. Meanwhile, the choice of Lolita
seems an odd one today in light of the #metoo movement
which may look a bit askance at that novel about a middleaged professor, the protagonist of the story, who drives a
woman (“the cow” he calls her) to her death and then
adopts and has a sexual relationship with her fourteen-yearold daughter. Many in the United States may now ﬁnd some
common ground with the Ayatollah about that book.
In any case, as Fathemeh correctly states, “the views
portrayed in RLT may, in eﬀect, prepare the American public
for a tough line against Iran,” with the violence, misogyny,
and hating by some sectors of Iranian society presented, not
“as an aberration, but rather as endemic to the local
culture, making a harsh move against the culture seemed
justiﬁed, perhaps even necessary.”
Think if you will if one’s view of the United States were
reduced to its worst elements, including its frequent mass
shootings; its glaring racial, gender, and economic
inequality; its police shootings of unarmed civilians; its mass
incarceration; its own misogyny and objectiﬁcation of
women, etc. Most Americans would cry foul at such a
portrayal of the United States, but it is only such a portrayal
of Iran that most Americans have ever known. And that, of
course, is intentional because it primes Americans to
support regime change and/or war against Iran.
In the end, we must acknowledge the reality, reinforced
from history, that it is up to the Iranian people to determine

their own fate and the nature of their own government. The
idea that the United States can, or should even try, to force
a change in government through coercive means such as
sanctions, internal meddling, or war has been disproven
time and again.
As Jean Bricmont emphasizes, “It is hard to believe that
the situation would not have been better had Third World
countries been allowed to pursue their own ways of
developing instead of being subjected to leaders imposed
by the West.” As Bricmont urges, “Compare, in terms of
intelligence, humanity, and honesty, the leaders ‘they’
produced and those that the West supported against them:
Arbenz and the Guatemalan dictators, Sukarno and Suharto,
Lumumba and Mobutu, the Sandinistas and Somoza, Goulart
and the Brazilian generals, Allende and Pinochet, Mandela
and apartheid, Mossadegh and the Shah, and today, Chavez
and the Venezuelan putschists.”³
Not surprisingly, the most prominent opposition groups
and reformists in Iran agree that it is up to the Iranian
people, and them alone, to chart their own course toward
development. These same groups and leaders are
categorically against regime change eﬀorts by the United
States.
For example, the outlawed and underground Tudeh Party,
while very critical of the Islamic government (not too
surprisingly given its brutal repression at its hands), is very
clear that it is against foreign intervention, particularly by
the United States, and against the attempts by the United
States to use, if not even instigate, protests in Iran for the
purposes of regime change. As the Tudeh Party explained in
a December 29, 2017, statement:

Under the critical conditions of the current dangerous
regional tensions, the regional reaction—supported by the
Trump administration in the US and the right-wing
government of Netanyahu in Israel—is seeking to distinctly
impact the developments in our country and to replace the
current reactionary regime with another reactionary regime.
The support of these forces … for the Iranian monarchists
and those political groups whose agenda is to cooperate
with the most reactionary regimes of the region and to
persuade the European states to impose sanctions on Iran’s
economy—thereby exacerbating the misery for the destitute
and disadvantaged people of our country - and to
encourage foreign states to interfere militarily in Iran, leaves
no room whatsoever for any optimism regarding the future
designs of such “opposition”. The progressive and
freedomloving forces of Iran must increase their presence in
the protest movement of the masses - more than ever
before….⁴
Other Iranian dissidents agree with this position of
protesting the bad policies of the Iranian government while
opposing the attempts by foreign powers, most notably the
United States, to manipulate these protests for their own
ends or to impose sanctions upon the country which only
serve to hurt the people while leading to more repression by
the Iranian state.
As Noam Chomsky explains:
Those who have attended to the history of sanctions will not
be surprised to learn that US sanctions are perceived by
Iranians as harmful to their cause. One of Iran’s most
inﬂuential intellectuals, Saeed Hajjarian, warns that
‘America is looking for an excuse—the nuclear issue,

terrorism, human rights, the Middle East peace process’ to
impose pressures on Iran, which often ‘make the situation
more militarized, and in such an atmosphere democracy is
killed.’ ” … He remains an opponent of sanctions, which
‘hurt the people,’ he says, and undermine democracy and
freedom. … ⁵
Indeed, Chomsky has opined, quite reasonably, that the
very purpose of Western sanctions and coercive measures
against Iran is “to provoke the Iranian leadership to adopt
more repressive policies. Such policies could foment internal
disorder, perhaps weakening Iran enough so that the United
States might hazard military action.”
Recall, for example, how the United States, in addition to
waging punishing economic warfare against the Mossadegh
government in the early 1950s, organized and paid unruly
mobs in Iran to provoke Mossadegh into adopting repressive
measures by the police which were then used as the very
justiﬁcation for the military to overthrow him. This was a
tried and true game plan for regime change, but it is also a
game plan which is greatly resented by Iranians to this very
day.
In the end, the view of bona ﬁde Iranian reform leaders,
and the view which I believe is the most defensible one from
a moral and legal point of view, is that it is up to the Iranian
people themselves to make political change—and not up to
foreign governments, with their own motives and agenda, to
do so for them.
Putting it another way, as one of my Iranian communist
friends told me when I was in Iran, “I would rather be killed
by the Mullahs than by US soldiers.” I note that the Iraqi
Communist Party, which had supported the 2003 US
intervention to topple Saddam Hussein—another violent

anti-communist who the United States aided in wiping out
his leftist opposition—now greatly regrets this position given
the destruction and chaos left in the wake of the US
invasion.
In the end, then, it is up to the Iranian people to make
social and political change as they see ﬁt. And, the chances
of bringing about such change in Iran is more likely if the
government is not pressured by sanctions, internal
meddling, and other provocative acts which will only bring
more suﬀering and more government repression upon the
Iranian people.
Moreover, the truth is that, if the United States ever had
legitimate interests in the Middle East and Persian Gulf to
protect by force, it has much less so now given the fact that
the main resource of this region—oil—is (1) quite plentiful,
with the United States now producing more fossil fuels than
any country in the world; and (2) less desirous given the
need to ﬁght global climate change by turning to alternative
sources of energy.
But of course, as Noam Chomsky has pointed out, it has
never been so much about access to oil, which we always
have had, as it has been about controlling the world’s
energy supplies so that the United States and its energy
industry could thereby control the world and maximize
proﬁt. Indeed, the recently-released CIA documents about
the 1953 coup are replete with discussion about how the
United States and United Kingdom really didn’t need Iran’s
oil, and therefore could live without it while waiting for
Mossadegh to fall. Then, the United States and Britain
divided up Iran’s oil in the interest of corporate proﬁt, not in
the interest of supplying themselves with oil which they
could always get elsewhere.

In short, any rationale for the Carter Doctrine, if it ever
truly existed, does not exist now. This should therefore allow
the United States to relinquish control over the Middle East
and the Persian Gulf and to allow countries like Iran to exist
as they wish.
Meanwhile, the alleged military threat Iran poses to the
United States and its partner Israel are greatly overblown, if
not utterly nonexistent. The recognition of this reality should
also allow the possibility of détente with Iran.
Thus, while both President Trump and Prime Minister
Netanyahu claim the sky is falling because of Iran’s nuclear
program, there is simply no evidence to back this up. Thus,
in 2003 and then again in 2007, the UN’s International
Atomic Energy Agency concluded that Iran did not intend to
build a nuclear weapon, and this was conﬁrmed by sixteen
US intelligence agencies which collectively issued a Nuclear
Intelligence Estimate stating, “with high conﬁdence” that, if
Iran ever had a nuclear weapons program, it halted such a
program in the fall of 2003.⁶
As already stated in this book, moreover, the current
Supreme Leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has indeed
issued a Fatwah against the production, stockpiling, and use
of nuclear weapons as inimical to the Islamic faith.
And of course, as authors like Stephen Kinzer, Robert Fisk,
and Noam Chomsky have noted, to the extent the Islamic
Republic of Iran has had the ability in the ﬁrst place to
enrich uranium, it has been because of the help of the
United States dating back to Eisenhower which actively
encouraged Iran’s nuclear energy program. The Islamic
Republic of Iran has always claimed that its nuclear
enrichment program has been solely for energy purposes,
and there seems to be no reason to doubt this. In any case,

Israel, the only nuclear armed state in the Middle East, has
nothing to fear from a nuclear Iran, and it knows this.
Another reason rapprochement with Iran is possible is
that Iran desperately wants it. Indeed, even since the
Islamic Revolution of 1979, and despite the legacy of cruelty
inﬂicted by the United States upon Iran since 1953, Iran has
shown a willingness to work with the United States,
including, most notably, in ﬁghting Islamist terrorism in the
Middle East. And, on more than one occasion, Iran has taken
the opportunity upon such occasions of cooperation to oﬀer
the olive branch to the United States.
For example, according to a PBS Frontline Report, shortly
after the invasion of Iraq in March 2003 (and just as the
Iranians had done just after 9/11) the Iranian reform
president, Seyyed Mohammad Khatami, sent a fax to
George W. Bush oﬀering a “grand bargain,” in essence a
peace treaty between the United States and Iran, which put
everything on the table, including Iran’s alleged support for
terrorism, its nuclear program, even its hostilities toward
Israel. In exchange, Iran asked Washington for security
guarantees, a lifting of sanctions, and a promise never to
push for regime change.⁷
Incredibly, this olive branch had been presented by Iran
even despite Bush’s “axis of evil” speech in January 2002,
and despite the United States’ open support for terrorists to
topple the Iranian government. Sadly, this fax was never
even replied to.
Flynt Leverett, a former career CIA analyst and National
Security Council director for the Middle East at the time,
believes that the silence with which the United States
responded to Iran’s oﬀer of a grand bargain was a huge
missed opportunity, and he believes that the United States

must open discussions for such a deal just as President
Nixon opened the door to China.⁸
As Middle East expert Vali Nasr explains, “Iran is an
indispensable component of any sustainable order in the
Middle East.”⁹ And the United States, which itself smashed
the stability of the Middle East by its 2003 invasion of Iraq,
must now reverse course, and “rely more on diplomacy and
less on force,” beginning with a diplomatic outreach to Iran
and a brokering of peace between Iran and its rivals such as
Saudi Arabia. One can only hope that there are still those in
Washington who believe in such diplomacy over war.
In any case, given the terrible consequences of not
reaching out to Iran in search of diplomatic solutions to the
Middle East’s problems, including a war which seems to be
looming ever more each day, it seems that this is certainly
worth a shot.
It is long overdue for the United States to reconsider
President Eisenhower’s query back in 1953, when he asked
whether there is anything America could do to endear itself
to the people of the Middle East. Regime change, massive
bombings, and war have certainly not worked to improve
the quality of life for people of that region or for the people
of the West. It is high time that the United States withdraw
militarily from the Middle East, and put its ample resources
toward providing bread to the people there, rather than
guns.

NOTES
Introduction
1
Phil Wilayto, In Defense of Iran (Richmond:
Defender’s Publications, 2008), pp. 42–43.
2

Ibid., p. 44.

3

Ibid., p. 124.

4

Ibid., p. 124.

5
Ibid., pp. 44, 64; and Shermin Kruse, “The Islamic
Republic of Iran’s Flavored Condoms, Free Vasectomies, and
Gender
Reassignment
Surgery,”
Huﬃngton
Post,
https://www.huﬃngtonpost.com/shermin-kruse/the-islamicrepublic-of-i_2_b_5481323.html.
6

Ibid.

7

Ibid.

8
UNESCO
World
http://whc.unesco.org/en/list/115.
9

Heritage

List,

Wilayto, In Defense of Iran.

10
“Jewish Life in Iran Was Always Better Than in
Europe,” Deutche Welle, May 15, 2017.
11 Jonathan Cook, Israel and the Clash of Civilisations:
Iraq, Iran and the Plan to Remake the Middle East (London:
Pluto Press, 2007), pp. 51–52.
12
Documents from The US Espionage Den-Internet
Archive,
Vol
13(5),
https://ia600205.us.archive.org/25/items/DocumentsFromTh
eU.s.EspionageDen/v13_5_text.pdf.

13 Tritia Parsi, Treacherous Alliance, The Secret Dealings
of Israel, Iran and the U.S. (New Haven & London: Yale
University, 2007), p. 6.
14 Ibid.
15 Ibid.
16 Jane Arraf, “Months After Isis, Much of Iraq’s Mosul is
Still
Rubble,”
NPR,
March
3,
2018,
https://www.npr.org/sections/parallels/2018/03/03/58772664
9/months-after-isis-much-of-iraqs-mosul-is-still-rubble.
17 Ibid.
18
Jeﬀrey St. Claire, “They Came, They Saw, They
Tweeted,”
Counterpunch,
Feb.
23,
2018,
https://www.counterpunch.org/2018/02/23/99972/.
19 Javed Ali, “Chemical Weapons and the Iran-Iraq War:
A Case Study in Noncompliance,” The Nonproliferation
Review (Spring, 2001).
20 Robert Fisk, The Great War for Civilisation (New York:
Vintage Press 2005), pp. 211–212.

Chapter 1
1
General Wesley Clark interview with Amy Goodman,
Democracy Now (2007).
2
Cook, Israel and the Clash of Civilisations, citing
Seymour Hersh, “The Grey Zone,” New Yorker, May 24,
2004, and “The General’s Report,” New Yorker, June 25,
2007.
3

Ibid.

4
Cook citing Martin Van Creveld, “Sharon on the
Warpath: Is Israel planning to attack Iran?” International
Herald Tribune, Aug. 1, 2004.
5
Cartalucci, Tony, “The Iran ‘Nuclear Deal’ Leads to
War, Not Peace,” New Eastern Outlook, Sept. 24, 2017.
6
Cartalucci citing Brookings Institute, “Which Path to
Persia? Options For a New American Strategy Toward Iran,”
June
20,
2009,
https://www.brookings.edu/wpcontent/uploads/2016/06/06_iran_strategy.pdf.
7
Lakshmi Gandhi, “The History Behind The Phrase,
‘Don’t Be An Indian Giver,’ ” National Public Radio, Sept. 2,
2013.

Chapter 2
1

Cook, Israel and the Clash of Civilisations, p. 92.

2

Cook, Israel and the Clash of Civilisations, p. 84.

3
Stephen Kinzer, All the Shah’s Men (Hoboken: John
Wiley & Sons, Inc., 2008), p. 18.
4
George H. W. Bush, “Address Before a Joint Session of
the Congress on the State of the Union,” January 29, 1991,
http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/?pid=19253.
5
Stephen Gowans, Patriots, Traitors and Empires, The
Story of Korea’s Struggle For Freedom (Montreal: Baraka
Books, 2018) (citations omitted), pp. 42–43.
6

Parsi, Treacherous Alliance, p. xv.

7

Ibid., p. xvi.

8
Sharmine Narwani, “How American Media SpinDoctored the Iranian Protests,” American Conservative, Feb.
18, 2018.
9
Bulent Gokay, “In Saudia Arabia’s quest to debilitate
the Iranian economy, they destroyed Venezuela,” The
Independent, August 9, 2017.
10 Vijay Prashad, “What the Protests in Iran Are Really
About,” AlterNet January 3, 2018.
11 Parsi, Treacherous Alliance, p. 245.
12 Ibid., p. 246.
13
Tony Caratlucci, “American-Killing Terror Cult: U.S.
Delists Mujahadeen e-Khalq (MEK),” Global Research, Sep.
22, 2012.
14 Ibid.

15 Tim Johnson and David Goldstein, “Accused in ’70’s of
U.S. Military Slayings, Iran group has friends in Trump’s
Circle,” McClatchy News Nov. 17, 2016.
16 Tony Cartalucci, “Iran: Lifting Sanctions and Coming
Betrayal,” New Eastern Outlook, Jan. 24, 2016.
17 Daniel Larison, “Bolton and the MEK,” The American
Conservative, March 27, 2015.
18 Johnson and Goldstein, McClatchy News.
19 Ibid.
20 Lawrence Wilkerson, “I Helped Sell The False Choice
of War Once. It’s Happening Again,” New York Times, Feb. 5,
2018.
21
Seymour M. Hersh, “The Redirection: Is the
Administration’s new policy beneﬁtting our enemies in the
war on terrorism?” New Yorker, March 5, 2007,
https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2007/03/05/theredirection.
22 Ben Norton, “US Ambassador Conﬁrms Billions Spent
on Regime Change in Libya, Debunking ‘Obama Did
Nothing’ Myth,” The Real News Network, Feb. 9, 2018.
23 “ ‘Moderate Rebels’ Are Actually Backed by ISIS & AlQaeda, Former US Ambassador Admits,” Mint Press News,
Feb. 3, 2016.
24
April 8, 2011, email from Sydney Blumenthal to
Hillary Clinton, “Re: UK game playing; new rebel strategists;
Egypt
moves
in,”
https://wikileaks.org/clintonemails/emailid/12650.
25 Sam Jones, “Terrorism: Libya’s civil war comes home
to Manchester,” Financial Times, May 26, 2017.

26 Paul R. Pillar, “A New Decision to Go to War in Syria,”
Global Research, Jan. 25, 2018.
27 John Watling, “The Shia Militias of Iraq,” The Atlantic,
Dec. 22, 2016.
28 “15 Years Of War In Iraq, A Legacy John Bolton Has
Yet
To
Reckon
With,”
NPR,
March
25,
2018,
https://www.npr.org/2018/03/25/596805309/15-years-of-warin-iraq-a-legacy-john-bolton-has-yet-to-reckon-with.
29
DIA Memo 12-L-0552/DIA/287, Judicial Watch,
http://www.judicialwatch.org/wpcontent/uploads/2015/05/Pg.-291-Pgs.-287-293-JW-v-DODand-State-14-812-DOD-Release-2015-04-10-ﬁnalversion11.pdf.
30 Brad Hoﬀ, “Former DIA Chief Michael Flynn Says Rise
of Islamic State was ‘a willful decision’ and Defends
Accuracy of 2012 Memo,” Levant Report, August 6, 2015,
https://levantreport.com/tag/judicial-watch-dia-foia-release/.
31
Kate Brennan, “Obama: Forget About ‘Destroying’
ISIS, We just need to ‘Contain’ Them,” The Daily Beast,
November 13, 2015.
32 Shebab Khan, “Henry Kissinger warns destroying Isis
could lead to ‘Iranian radical empire,’ ” The Independent,
Aug. 7, 2017.
33 Ibid.
34
Vali Nasr, “Iran Among the Ruins,” Foreign Aﬀairs,
Feb. 13, 2018.
35
Patrick Cockburn, “The massacre of Mosul: 40,000
feared dead in battle to take back city from Isis as scale of
civilian casualties revealed,” The Independent, July 19,
2017.

36 “At Any Cost: The Civilian Catastrophe In West Mosul,
Iraq,”
Amnesty
International
2017,
https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/campaigns/2017/07/atany-cost-civilian-catastrophe-in-west-mosul-iraq/.
37
Thomas Gibbons-Neﬀ, “The airstrike in Mosul was
potentially one of the worst U.S.-led civilian bombings in 25
years,” Washington Post, March 28, 2017.
38 Andrew Curry, “Here Are the Ancient Sites ISIS Has
Damaged and Destroyed,” National Geographic, Sept. 1,
2015.
39 Noam Chomsky, Failed States: The Abuse of Power
and the Assault on Democracy (New York: Henry Holt and
Company, LLC, 2006).
40 Ayelett Shani, “Gaza Kids Live in Hell: A Psychologist
Tells of Rampant Sexual Abuse, Drugs and Despair,”
Haaretz, Nov. 11, 2017.
41 Chomsky, Failed States.
42
Joy Bernard, “Amazon Removes Controversial
Bestseller About Palestinian History,” Jerusalem Post, June
28, 2017.
43
Gardiner Harris and Steven Erlanger, “U.S. Will
Withdraw From UNESCO, Citing Its ‘Anti-Israeli Bias,’ ” New
York Times, Oct. 12, 2017.
44 Nasr, “Iran Among The Ruins.”
45 Patrick Cockburn, The Rise of The Islamic State: ISIS
and the New Sunni Revolution (London: Verso, 2015).

Chapter 3
1
“Iran, 1951-1954,” Department of State, Oﬃce of the
Historian, Bureau of Public Aﬀairs (2017) (hereinafter, “2017
CIA
Release”),
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran.
2
Christopher Davidson, Shadow Wars: The Secret
Struggle for the Middle East (London: One World
Publications, Ltd., 2017), p. 60.
3

Wilayto, In Defense of Iran, p. 26.

4

Kinzer, All the Shah’s Men, p. 39.

5

Wilayto, In Defense of Iran, p. 28.

6

Davidson, Shadow Wars, p. 52.

7
“Despatch From the Station in Iran to the Chief of the
Near East and Africa Division, Directorate of Plans, Central
Intelligence Agency (Roosevelt), November 13, 1953,”
contained
in
the
2017
CIA
Release,
p.
833.,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d346.
8
Fleming, D. F., The Cold War and Its Origins, 1917–
1950, Volume I (Garden City: Doubleday & Company, 1961),
p. 341.
9

Wilayto, In Defense of Iran, p. 28.

10
Brian Wheeler,“The ‘Iranian Schindler’ who saved
Jews from the Nazis,” BBC News, March 8, 2012.
11 Ibid.
12 Ibid.
13 Ibid.

14 Marc Parry, “Uncovering the Brutal Truth About the
British Empire,” The Guardian, Aug. 18, 2016.
15 Ibid.
16
Mark Pilisuk and Jennifer Achord Rountree, The
Hidden Structure of Violence (New York: Monthly Review
Press, 2015), p. 192.
17 Kinzer, All the Shah’s Men, pp. 151–152.
18 Ibid., p. 144.
19
Ibid., p. 152, (citing C. M. Woodhouse, Something
Ventured (London: Granada, 1982)).
20
“April 16, 1953, Memo from Chief of Iran Branch,
Near East and Africa Division (Waller) to the Chief of the
Near East Africa Division, Directorate of Plans, Central
Intelligence Agency (Roosevelt),” 2017 CIA Release, p. 527,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d192.
21 Wendy Lower, “Willkommen” (a review of Operation
Paperclip by Annie Jacobsen) New York Times, Feb. 28,
2014.
22 Stephen Gowans, Patriots, Traitors and Empires: The
Story of Korea’s Fight for Freedom (Montreal: Baraka Books,
2018), pp. 30–31.
23 Ibid.
24
2017
CIA
Release,
p.
526,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d192.
25
2017
CIA
Release,
pp.
656–662,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d259.

26 Ibid.
27 Ibid.
28
2017 CIA Release. p. 539, “Information Report
Prepared in The Central Intelligence Agency,” April 17, 1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d193.
29 Kinzer, All the Shah’s Men, p. 179.
30 2017 CIA Release, pp. 654–655, “Memorandum From
Director of the U.S. Technical Cooperation Administration
Mission in Iran (Warne) to the Charge d’Aﬀaires in Iran
(Mattison),
August
6,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d258.
31 2017 CIA Release, p. 570, “Memorandum From the
Director of the U.S. Technical Cooperation Administration
Mission in Iran (Warne) to the Ambassador to Iran
(Henderson),”
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d207.
32
2017
CIA
Release,
p.
683,
fn.
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d278.

3,

33
2017 CIA Release, p. 481, “Memorandum of
Discussion at the 135th Meeting of the National Security
Council,”
March
4,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d171.
34 Id. at p. 482.

Chapter 4
1

Kinzer, All the Shah’s Men, p. 138.

2
2017 CIA Release, pp. 578–579, “Memorandum of
Conversation,”
May
30,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d212.
3

Ibid.

4

Ibid.

5
2017 CIA Release, pp. 595–596, “Memorandum of
Conversation,”
June
19,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d220.
6
2017 CIA Release, p. 634, “Paper Prepared in the
Central
Intelligence
Agency,”
July
22,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d247.
7
2017 CIA Release, p. 546, “Telegram From the
Embassy in Iran to the Department of State,” May 4, 1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d199.
8
2017 CIA Release, pp. 595–596, “Memorandum of
Conversation,”
June
19,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d220.
9
2017 CIA Release, pp. 567–568, “Memorandum From
the Counselor of Embassy (Mattison) to the Ambassador of
Iran
(Henderson),
May
19,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d206.

10
2017 CIA Release, p. 555, “Telegram From the
Embassy in Iran to the Department of State,” May 8, 1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d203.
11
2017 CIA Release, p. 612, “Despatch From the
Embassy in Iran to the Department of State,” July 1, 1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d233.
12 2017 CIA Release, p. 599, “Memorandum Prepared in
the Bureau of Near Eastern, South Asian and African
Aﬀairs,”
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d223.
13 2017 CIA Release, p. 652, “Monthly Report Prepared
in the Directorate of Plans, Central Intelligence Agency,” July
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d257.
14 2017 CIA Release, “Memorandum From the Chief of
the Near East and Africa Division, Directorate of Plans,
Central Intelligence Agency (Roosevelt) to Mitchell, July 8,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d236.
15
2017 CIA Release, “Memorandum From the Acting
Chief of the Near East and Africa Division, Directorate of
Plans, Central Intelligence Agency 9[name not declassiﬁed])
to
Mitchell,”
July
22,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d245.

16 2017 CIA Release, pp. 643–644, “Memorandum From
the Chief of the Iran Branch, Near East and Africa Division,
Directorate of Plans (Waller) to the Deputy Director of Plans,
Central Intelligence Agency (Wisner),” July 30, 1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d255.
17
2017 CIA Release, p. 471, “Memorandum From
Director of Central Intelligence Dulles to President
Eisenhower,”
March
1,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d169.
18 2017 CIA Release, p. 757, fn. 5, “Despatch From the
Embassy in Iran to the Department of State,” September 11,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d316.
19 2017 CIA Release, p. 737, “Record of Meeting in the
Central
Intelligence
Agency,”
August
28,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d307.
20
2017 CIA Release, p. 668, “Telegram From the
Embassy in Iran to the Department of State,” August 16,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d267.
21
Jeﬀerson Morley, “The Gentlemanly Planner of
Assassinations: The Nasty Career of CIA Director Richard
Helms,” Slate, Nov. 1, 2002.
22
“1953: MK-Ultra was hatched by Allen Dulles and
Richard Helms,” Alliance for Human Research Protection,

http://ahrp.org/1953-mk-ultra-was-hatched-by-allen-dullesand-richard-helms/.
23 Ibid.
24 Kim Zetter, “April 13, 1953: CIA Oks MK-Ultra MindControl Tests,” Wired, April 13, 2010.
25
Richard M. Harley, “Chronology of Iranian Events
Leading to Hostage Capture,” Christian Science Monitor,
Feb. 11, 1980.
26 2017 CIA Release, p. 645, “Memorandum From the
Oﬃcer in Charge of Iranian Aﬀairs, Oﬃce of Greek, Turkish,
and Iranian Aﬀairs (Stutesman) to the Director of the Oﬃce
of Greek, Turkish, and Iranian Aﬀairs, Bureau of Near
Eastern, South Asian, and African Aﬀairs (Richards),”
Undated,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d256.
27
2017 CIA Release, p. 819, “Memorandum of
Conversation,”
October
23,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d341.
28 See, generally, Bruce Cumings, The Korean War: A
History (Modern Library Chronicles), (New York: Modern
Library, 2011).
29 Gowans, Patriots, Traitors and Empires, p. 73.
30
2017 CIA Release, pp. 472–474, “Memorandum
Prepared in the Directorate of Plans, Central Intelligence
Agency,”
March
3,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d170.

31 2017 CIA Release, p. 536, “Memorandum From the
Chief of the Iran Branch, Near East and Africa Division
(Waller) to the Chief of the Near East and Africa Division,
Directorate
of
Plans,
Central
Intelligence
Agency
(Roosevelt),”
April
16,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d192.
32
2017 CIA Release, p. 503, “Progress Report to the
National
Security
Council,”
March
20,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d180.
33 Wilayto, In Defense of Iran, p. 30.
34 2017 CIA Release, p. 631, “Memorandum From the
Acting Chief of the Near East and Africa Division, Directorate
of Plans, Central Intelligence Agency ([name not
declassiﬁed])
to
Mitchell,”
July
22,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d245.
35 2017 CIA Release, p. 680, “Memorandum Prepared in
the Oﬃce of National Estimates, Central Intelligence
Agency,”
August
17,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d275.
36
2017 CIA Release, p. 664, “Telegram From the
Embassy in Iran to the Department of State,” August 16,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d262.
37 2017 CIA Release, pp. 685–686, “Telegram From the
Embassy in Iran to the Department of State,” August 18,
1953,

https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d280.
38 2017 CIA Release, p. 699, “Telegram From the Station
in Iran to the Central Intelligence Agency,” August 19, 1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d286.
39 2017 CIA Release, p. 701, “Telegram From the Station
in Iran to the Central Intelligence Agency,” August 20, 1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d289.
40 2017 CIA Release, p. 729, “Record of Meeting in the
Central
Intelligence
Agency,”
August
28,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d307.
41 2017 CIA Release, p. 740, “Monthly Report Prepared
in the Directorate of Plans, Central Intelligence Agency,”
August,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d308.
42 2017 CIA Release, p. 761, “Brieﬁng Notes Prepared in
the Central Intelligence Agency for Director of Central
Intelligence
Agency
Dulles,”
Undated,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d319.
43
2017 CIA Release, pp. 778–780, “Monthly Report
Prepared in Directorate of Plans, Central Intelligence
Agency,”
September,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d326.
44
2017 CIA Release, p. 815, “Memorandum of
Conversation,”
October
23,
1953,

https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d341.
45 CIA 2017 Release, p. 810, “Memorandum From the
Near East and Africa Division, Directorate of Plans to
Director of Central Intelligence Dulles,” October 29, 1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d339.
46 2017 CIA Release, pp. 835–836, “Despatch From the
Station in Iran to the Chief of the Near East and Africa
Division, Directorate of Plans, Central Intelligence Agency
(Roosevelt),”
November
13,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d346.
47
2017 CIA Release, p. 927, “Editorial Note,”
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d372.
48
2017 CIA Release, p. 933, “National Intelligence
Estimate,”
December
7,
1954,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d375.
49 Fisk, The Great War for Civilisation.
50 2017 CIA Release, pp. 826–827, “Despatch From the
Embassy in Iran to the Department of State,” November 5,
1953,
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d344.
51
Andre Vltchek, Western Terror From Potosi to
Baghdad (Mainstay Press, 2006), pp. 276–279.
52 Ibid.

53
Max Blumenthal, “The US is Arming and Assisting
Neo-Nazis in Ukraine, While Congress Debate Prohibition,”
The Real News Network, Jan 19, 2018.
54 Kinzer, All the Shah’s Men, p. 195.
55 2017 CIA Release, 950, Appendix, Summary of the
Terms of the Oil Agreement between the International Oil
Consortium and the Government of Iran, Signed 30 October
1954,”
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d375.
56 Kinzer, All the Shah’s Men, pp. 201–202.
57 Kinzer, All the Shah’s Men; and Fisk, The Great War
for Civilisation.
58
2017 CIA Release, p. 781, “Editorial Note,”
https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus195154Iran/d328.

Chapter 5
1

Nafeez Ahmed, “U.S. State Department Spent over
$1 million in Iran to Exploit Unrest,” Mint Press News,
January 29, 2018.
2

Ibid.

3
Dean Henderson, Big Oil & Their Bankers in The
Persian Gulf, Four Horsemen, Eight Families & Their Global
Intelligence, Narcotics & Terror Network 3rd Edition, (Create
Space, 2010).
4
Johnathan C. Randal, “SAVAK Jails Stark Reminder of
Shah’s Rul Washington Post, December 13, 1979.
5

Fisk, The Great War for Civilisation, p. 99.

6

Ibid., p. 99.

7

Ibid., p. 112.

8

Ibid., p. 99.

9
Memo from U.S. Embassy Tehran to US Secretary of
State,
April
28,
1976,
https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/1976TEHRAN04315_b.htm
l.
10 A. J. Langguth, “Torture’s Teachers,” New York Times,
June 11, 1979.
11
Memo from US State Department to US Embassy
Tehran,
March
7,
1975,
https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/1975STATE051450_b.html.
12
Ryszard Kapuscinski, Shah of Shahs (New York:
Vintage International Press, 1992), pp. 51–52.
13 Jonathan C. Randal, “SAVAK Jails Stark Reminder of
Shah’s Rule.”

14 Kapuscinski, Shah of Shahs, p. 52.
15 Fisk, The Great War for Civilisation, p. 101.
16
Amnesty International Brieﬁng: Iran, November 1,
1976,
https://www.amnesty.org/download/Documents/204000/mde
130011976en.pdf.
17 Ibid.
18 Ibid.
19 Memo from US Dept. of State to US Embassy Tehran
re: HIRC Hearings on Human Rights in Iran, August 5, 1976,
https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/1976STATE193516_b.html.
20 Memo from US Embassy Tehran to US Department of
State,
March
19,
1973,
https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/1973TEHRAN01726_b.htm
l.
21 Amnesty International Brieﬁng: Iran.
22 Amnesty International Brieﬁng: Iran.
23 Amnesty International Brieﬁng: Iran.
24 Amnesty International Brieﬁng: Iran.
25
Memo from US Embassy Tehran to US State
Department,
December
5,
1978,
https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/1978TEHRAN11882_d.htm
l.
26 Amnesty International Brieﬁng: Iran.
27 Memo from US Dept. of State to US Embassy Tehran
re: HIRC Hearings on Human Rights in Iran, August 5, 1976,
https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/1976STATE193516_b.html.
28 Davidson, Shadow Wars, p. 31.

Chapter 6
1
Nahal Toosi, “Leaked Memo Schooled Tillerson on
Human Rights,” Politico, Dec. 19, 2017.
2
Memo from Oﬃce of the Legal Adviser, Department
of State to Secretary of State, Re: Human Rights in Iran,
March
6,
1975,
https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/1975TEHRAN02168_b.htm
l.
3
Robert Parry, “A CIA Hand in An American Coup?”
Consortium News, August 26, 2013.
4
Jeﬀ Cohen and Norman Solomon, “Jimmy Carter and
Human Rights: Behind the Media Myth,” Fairness &
Accuracy in Reporting (FAIR), September 21, 1994.
5
Letter can be found at the National Security Archive
at George Washington University (Electronic Brieﬁng Book
No. 339), https://nsarchive2.gwu.edu/NSAEBB/NSAEBB339/.
6

Ibid.

7
Noam Chomsky and Edward Herman, Manufacturing
Consent: The Political Economy of The Mass Media (New
York: Pantheon, 2002).
8
Mona Mahmood, et al., “From El Salvador to Iraq:
Washington’s Man behind brutal police squads,” The
Guardian, March 6, 2013.

Chapter 7
1

Fisk, The Great War for Civilisation, p. 127.

2
Documents from The US Espionage Den-Internet
Archive,
https://archive.org/details/DocumentsFromTheU.s.Espionage
Den.
3
Memo from US Embassy Tehran to US State
Department,
December
5,
1978,
https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/1978TEHRAN11882_d.htm
l.
4

Fisk, The Great War for Civilisation.

5
Documents from The US Espionage Den-Internet
Archive,
Vol
13(4),
https://ia800205.us.archive.org/25/items/DocumentsFromTh
eU.s.EspionageDen/v13_4_text.pdf.
6
Documents from The US Espionage Den-Internet
Archive,
Vol
13(4),
https://ia800205.us.archive.org/25/items/DocumentsFromTh
eU.s.EspionageDen/v13_4_text.pdf.
7
Documents from The US Espionage Den-Internet
Archive,
Vol
13(4),
https://ia800205.us.archive.org/25/items/DocumentsFromTh
eU.s.EspionageDen/v13_4_text.pdf.
8
William Blum, “The Greek Tragedy: Some Things not
to forget, which the new Greek leaders have not,” The AntiEmpire Report, February 23, 2015.
9

Ibid.

10
Associated Press, “William Sullivan dies at 90;
diplomat had key roles in Vietnam, Iran conﬂicts,” L.A.
Times, October 23, 2013.
11 Rich Whitney, “U.S. Provides Military Assistance to 73
Percent of World’s Dictatorships,” Truthout, Sept. 23, 2017.
12
Documents from The US Espionage Den-Internet
Archive,
Vol
13(4),
https://ia800205.us.archive.org/25/items/DocumentsFromTh
eU.s.EspionageDen/v13_4_text.pdf.
13 Ibid.
14 Ibid.
15 Ibid.
16 Ibid.
17 Ibid.
18
Documents from The US Espionage Den-Internet
Archive,
Vol
13(5),
https://ia600205.us.archive.org/25/items/DocumentsFromTh
eU.s.EspionageDen/v13_5_text.pdf.
19 Ibid.
20 Ibid.
21 Ibid.
22 Ibid.
23
Terence Smith, “Why Carter Admitted The Shah,”
New York Times, May 17, 1981.
24 Fisk, The Great War for Civilisation.
25 V. G. Kiernan, America The New Imperialism, From
White Settlement to World Hegemony (London: Verso,
2005).

Chapter 8
1
Eqbal Ahmed, “The Iranian Hundred Years’ War,”
Mother Jones, April 1979.
2

Ibid.

3

Davidson, Shadow Wars, pp. 16–19.

4

Ibid.

5

Hobsbawm, The Age of Extremes, p. 454.

6

Kapuscinski, Shah of Shahs, p. 58.

7
State Department Memo Re: Congressional Inquiry
About GHOLAMHOSSEIN SA’EDI (OR SAYEDI), Nov. 17, 1976,
https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/1976STATE282142_b.html.
8

Fisk, The Great War for Civilisation, p. 98.

9
Kambiz Fattahi, “Two Weeks in January: America’s
secret engagement with Khomeini,” BBC, June 3, 2016.
10 Ibid.
11 Ibid., and Wilayto, In Defense of Iran, p. 53.
12 Malcolm Byrne and Mark Gasiorowski, “New Findings
on Clerical Involvement in 1953 Coup in Iran,” National
Security Archives at George Washington University, Mar. 7,
2018.
13 Davidson, Shadow Wars, pp. 124–125.
14 Hobsbawm, The Age of Extremes, p. 455.
15 Vltchek, Western Terror, pp. 163–164.
16
Patrick Cockburn, “We ﬁnally know what Hillary
Clinton knew all along—US allies Saudi Arabia and Qatar are
ﬁnding Isis,” The Independent, Oct. 14, 2016.

17
“Biden Blames US allies in Middle East for rise of
ISIS,” RT News, Oct. 3, 2014.
18
Simon Henderson, “What We Know About Saudi
Arabia’s Role in 9/11,” Foreign Policy, July 18, 2016.
19 Paul Sperry, “Saudi government allegedly funded a
‘dry run’ for 9/11,” New York Post, Sep. 9, 2017.
20 Cockburn, The Rise of the Islamic State, pp. xiv–xv.
21 The Brzezinski Interview with Le Nouvel Observateur
(1998), translated from the French by William Blum and
David N. Gibbs. This translation was published in Gibbs,
“Afghanistan:
The
Soviet
Invasion
in
Retrospect,”
International Politics 37, no. 2, 2000, pp. 241–242.

Chapter 9
1
Phaedra Hise, “How the Wright Brothers Blew It,”
Forbes, Nov. 19, 2003.
2

Gowans, Patriots, Traitors & Empires, pp. 51–52.

3
Noam Chomsky, What Uncle Sam Really Wants
(Tucson: Odonian Press, 2002), p. 41.
4
Doyle McManus, “Rights Groups Accuse Contras:
Atrocities in Nicaragua Against Civilians Charged,” Los
Angeles Times (March 8, 1985).
5
Nicaragua v. United States (Case Concerning Military
and Paramilitary Activities In And Against Nicaragua),
International Court of Justice (June 27, 1986), http://www.icjcij.org/ﬁles/case-related/70/070-19860627-JUD-01-00EN.pdf.
6

Ibid.

7

Ibid.

8

Ibid.

9
Robert Parry, “Contras, Dirty Money and CIA,”
Consortium News, Dec. 19, 2013.
10 Nicaragua v. United States.

Chapter 10
1

Fisk, The Great War for Civilisation, p. 178.

2

Ibid., p. 208.

3

Ibid., p. 211.

4

Ibid., pp. 211–212.

5
Ali, “Chemical Weapons and the Iran-Iraq War: A
Case Study in Noncompliance.”
6
The Riegle Report: U.S. Chemical and Biological
Warfare-Related Dual Use Exports to Iraq and their Possible
Impact on the Health Consequences of the Gulf War, May
25, 1994, http://gulfweb.org/bigdoc/report/riegle1.html.
7

Ibid.

8

Fisk, The Great War for Civilisation, p. 213.

9
Ali, “Chemical Weapons and the Iran-Iraq War: A Case
Study in Noncompliance.”
10 Ibid.
11 Ibid.
12
Gareth Porter, “When the Ayatollah Said No to
Nukes,” Foreign Policy October 16, 2014.
13 Ibid.
14 “The Iran-Contra Aﬀair,” PBS.org.
15 Trita Parsi, Treacherous Alliance, pp. 104–109; 112–
113, and Peter Dale Scott, The Iran-Contra Connection:
Secret Teams and Covert Operations in the Reagan Era
(Boston: South End Press, 1987).
16 Ibid.
17 Davidson, Shadow Wars, pp. 514, 515.

18 Wilayto, In Defense of Iran, p. 22.
19
“The eight years’ war between Iran and Iraq,”
History.com.
20 Nasr, “Iran Among The Ruins.”
21 James C. Moore, “Not Fit to Print,” Salon.com, Feb. 7,
2004.
22 Fisk, The Great War for Civilisation, p. 166.
23 Fisk, The Great War for Civilisation, p. 170.
24
“Chemical Weapons and the Iran-Iraq War: A Case
Study in Noncompliance,” Javed Ali, The Nonproliferation
Review (Spring, 2001).
25
Eline Gordts, “Iraq War Anniversary: Birth Defects
And Cancer Rates At Devastating High In Basra And
Fallujah,” Huﬃngton Post, March 20, 2013.
26 Seymour Hersh, “The Red Line and The Rat Line,”
London Review of Books, April 17, 2014.
27
Rick Sterling, “When Is There Going to Be
Accountability for US Wars and Aggression?” Global
Research, Feb. 3, 2018.
28 “Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson: ‘The Syrian chemical
attack story is a hoax,’ ” Intel Today Aug. 10, 2017.
gosint.wordpress.com.

Chapter 11
1
Geoﬀ Earl, “How Trump was convinced to send more
troops to Afghanistan—by top general showing him picture
of women in 1970s Kabul in mini-skirts,” Daily Mail, August
22, 2017.
2
Phillip Bonosky, Afghanistan–Washington’s Secret
War (New York: International Publishers, 2001), as quoted in
Censored 2003, The Top 25 Censored Stories, Peter Phillips
& Project Censored (Seven Stories Press, 2002), p. 153.
3
John J. Maresca, vice president of Unocal, in
testimony before a U.S. House Committee, February 12,
1998, as cited in Censored 2003, The Top 25 Censored
Stories, Peter Phillips & Project Censored (New York: Seven
Stories Press, 2002), p. 150.
4
Ahmed Rashid, “U.S.-Taliban Relations–Friend Turns
Fiend,” as quoted in Censored 2003, The Top 25 Censored
Stories, Peter Phillips & Project Censored (New York: Seven
Stories Press, 2002), p. 150.
5
Washington Post, May 25, 2001, as quoted in
Censored 2003, The Top 25 Censored Stories, Peter Phillips
& Project Censored (New York: Seven Stories Press, 2002), p.
151.
6
Charles Brisard and Guillaume Dasquie, Bin Laden,
The Forbidden Truth, as quoted in Censored 2003, The Top
25 Censored Stories, Peter Phillips & Project Censored (New
York: Seven Stories Press, 2002), p. 152.
7
Bedi, Rahul, “India Joins Anti-Taliban Coalition,” Janes
Defense Newsletter, March 15, 2001, as quoted in Censored

2003, The Top 25 Censored Stories, Peter Phillips & Project
Censored (New York: Seven Stories Press, 2002), p. 144.
8
David Ray, “Osama bin Laden Responsible for the
9/11 Attacks? Where is the Evidence?” Veterans Today &
Global Research, Oct. 30, 2009.
9
“Iran Gave U.S. Help on Al Qaida After 9/11,” CBS/AP,
October 7, 2008.
10 Parsi, Treacherous Alliance, p. 235.
11 Cook, Israel and the Clash of Civilisations, p. 84.
12 Parsi, Treacherous Alliance, p. 202.
13 Cook, Israel and the Clash of Civilisations, p. 84.
14
Marc Kaufman, “Surge in Afghan Poppy Crop is
Forecast,” The Washington Post, December 25, 2001.
15
“Afghanistan Opium Crop Sets Record,” Karen de
Young, Washington Post (Dec. 2, 2006).
16
Taliban Open Letter to The American People,
February,
2018,
https://www.facebook.com/barnett.r.rubin/posts/101552953
87646447.

Chapter 12
1

Davidson, Shadow Wars, p. 355.

2
“Saudi, UAE ‘betrayed’ Yemen, Nobel laureate says,”
Middle East Monitor, Feb. 8, 2018.
3
Kathy Kelly, “A Treacherous Crossing,” Consortium
News, Feb. 8, 2018.
4
Colum Lynch, “U.S. Support for Saudi Strikes in
Yemen Raises War Crime Concerns,” Foreign Policy, Oct. 15,
2015.
5

Ibid.

6
Rachel Revesz, “Donald Trump signs $110 billion
arms deal with the nation he accused of masterminding
9/11,” The Independent, May 21, 2017.
7
“Yemen could be ‘worst’ humanitarian crisis in 50
years,”
Al
Jazeera,
Jan.
5,
2018,
https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/yemen-worsthumanitarian-crisis-50-years-180105190332474.html.
8
OCHA summary of crisis in
http://www.unocha.org/yemen/about-ocha-yemen.

Yemen,

9
Julian Borger and Patrick Wintour, “US gives evidence
Iran supplied missiles that Yemen rebels ﬁred at Saudi
Arabia,” Guardian, Dec. 14, 2017.
10 Ibid.
11 Colum Lynch and Robbie Gramer, “Haley’s ‘Smoking
Gun’ on Iran Met With Skepticism at U.N.,” Foreign Policy,
Dec. 14, 2017.
12 John Marciano, The American War in Vietnam: Crime
or Commemoration? Monthly (New York: Monthly Review

Press, 2016), p. 28.

Chapter 13
1
Jean Bricmont, Humanitarian Imperialism (New York:
Monthly Review Press, 2006), p. 40.
2
Nima Elbagir and Raja Razek, “People for Sale, Where
Lives are Auctioned for $400,” Alex Platt and Bryony Jones,
CNN, Nov. 15, 2017.
3
Nicolas, J. S. Davies, “Sowing Global Chaos as a
National Defense Strategy,” Mint Press News, Jan. 24, 2018.
4
Lawrence Wilkerson, “I Helped Sell the False Choice
of War Once. It is Happening Again.” New York Times,
February
5,
2018,
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/02/05/opinion/trump-iranwar.html.
5

Nafeez Ahmed, “U.S. State Department Spent over
$1 million in Iran to Exploit Unrest,” Mint Press News,
January 29, 2018.
6
Eric Cortellessa, “In Mike Pompeo, Trump taps Iran
hawk whose views dovetail with his own,” The Times of
Israel, March 13, 2018.
7
Aaron Mate, “Wilkerson: On Iran, Trump Follows the
Iraq Playbook,” The Real News Network, Feb. 6, 2018,
http://therealnews.com/t2/index.php?
option=com_content&task=view&id=31&Itemid=74&jumiva
l=21061.

Conclusion
1
Fatemeh Keshavarz, Jasmine and Stars, Reading More
than Lolita in Tehran (The University of North Carolina Press,

2007), pp. 10–11.
2

Wilayto, In Defense of Iran, p. 140.

3

Bricmont, Humanitarian Imperialism, p. 39.

4
Tudeh Party of Iran, “Statement of the Tudeh Party of
Iran on the popular protest movement in the country,” 29
December
2017,
http://solidnet.org/iran-tudeh-party-ofiran/tudeh-party-of-iran-statement-of-the-tudeh-party-ofiran-on-the-popular-protest-movement-in-the-country-29december-2017-en.
5
Noam Chomsky, Failed States, The Abuse of Power
and the Assault on Democracy (New York: Henry Holt &
Company, LLC, 2006), p. 63.
6

Wilayto, In Defense of Iran, p. 94.

7

Ibid., p. 35.

8
“The ‘Grand Bargain’ Fax: A Missed Opportunity?”
PBS Frontline.
9

Nasr, “Iran Among The Ruins.”

