SCOTT
       By the author of Iraq Confidential




The Truth About the
White House’s Plans
for Regime Change
                                                     $25.95

          “The important thing to know about
           Scott Ritter is that he was right.”
                   —Seymour Hersh

Inthe run-up  to the invasion of Iraq, Scott Ritter
was one of the few public figures courageous
enough to challenge the lies spread by the
Bush administration and the mainstream
media concerning lraq’s weapons of mass
destruction. In the wake of the debacle in
lraq, Ritter has been vindicated, but now the
White House and its neoconservative allies
are raising the alarm about Iran’s alleged
nuclear weapons program. Their alarmism
is aided in some respects by lIran’s new
president,       Mahmoud           Ahmadinejad,        who
frequently attacks Israel and the West in his
speeches and has claimed that the Holocaust
is a myth.

Target Iran is Ritter’s “national intelligence
assessment” of the Iranian imbroglio. Ritter,
a UN weapons inspector in Iraq in the 1990s,
examines the Bush administration’s regime-
change       policy and the potential of Iran to
threaten       U.S.    national     security     interests.
Ritter writes:        “I know     most of the players
of this game, whether they be diplomats in
Europe, spies in Israel, or inspectors in the
United States. | have spent hours discussing
the issue of Iran and              its nuclear program
with these experts, and             have come       to the
conclusion that, in the issue of Iran, we are
seeing history repeat itself. | am struck by
the similarity between how the United States,
Israel,     Europe,      Russia,     and   the     United
Nations stumbled their collective way toward
war in Iraq based upon a false premise (i.e.,
the existence of WMD in Iraq), and what is
transpiring vis-a-vis Iran today.”
            Digitized by the Internet Archive
                in 2023 with funding from
                 Kahle/Austin Foundation




https://archive.org/details/targetirantrutha0000ritt_m4m7
ALSO,   BY   *SCOTT         RITTER



             Endgame

          War On Iraq

         Frontier Justice
        Iraq Confidential
      largel
THE
       Iran
      TRUTH    ABOUT     THE    WHITE   HOUSE’S
       PLANS    FOR     REGIME    GHANGE




          SCOTT RITTER

                NATION    BOOKS
                  NEW    YORK
                               TARGET IRAN
           The Truth About the White House’s Plans for Regime Change

                                 Published by
                                Nation Books
                 An Imprint of Avalon Publishing Group, Inc.




                        245 West 17th Street, 11th Floor
                              New York, NY 10011
                         Copyright © 2006 Scott Ritter

         Nation Books is a co-publishing venture of the Nation Institute
                  and Avalon Publishing Group Incorporated.

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted
   in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopy,
  recording, or any information storage and retrieval system now known or to be
invented, without permission in writing from the publisher, except by a reviewer
   who wishes to quote brief passages in connection with a review written for
              inclusion in a magazine, newspaper, or broadcast.

               Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data

                             ISBN-10: 1-56025-936-1
                           ISBN-13: 978-1-56025-936-7

                           9-8    476.5    4532

                     Printed in the United States of America
                      Distributed by Publishers Group West
                  Contents
Map

Acknowledgments

Prologue: A Briefing in August   X11


One: A Crisis Made in Israel

Two: The Inspectors

Three: The Great Appeasers

Four: The Rational Actor         107

Five: The War Party              15

Six: Endgame                     169

Conclusion                       197

Postscript                       215

Bibliographical Notes            22k

Index                            220
                                        ,
                                        ,
                                                 Ne
                                         paeMete    =                             AZERBAIJAN
                                             aca




                               eS
                                                 ™~




                                                      ‘            .Mahabad
                                       Qala Diza,)                                                    Ahmadabad,                                       a
                                                           A              > Saqqez                              Gane                    Elborz Moun”
                                                                                                                           Karaj            Lavizan
                                                            a
                                     i
                                   Kirkuk .                         4                                                              'e     ere & =@Parchin
                                                                                                              Laskar-Ab’ad®             Tehran Damavand
                                                          Helabian

                                   :                           (                      Hamadan,,
                                                                                                                           Qom
                                                            Oasr-e                =                                                a
                                    Samarra                                                                    Avak 2
                                     Sok 4                  ?‘ Shirin                     °-
                                             ¢                 N


                                                                   AC             es           ‘a .                     hae cin                  Natanz
                                             @Baghdad
                                        \ ee                        po Menran                         F

                                                                                                                                            cenan
                                         "          =               a.


                                       abet               pcp               PRN                        _Andimeshk
                                            \                             ya          7S, Dezful,
                                             Kufa                           cK                                <> _Masjid-e
                                                                                                                  Masjid-
Pee                            Najaf°2 |                                    Sey \ Shushtar,                      Suleiman
                                             peOadasiys                                    )              ;          a
      aoe
                                                    Es                                                 es Ahvaz                :
            ‘
                                                      ea.                             i               ae                   °
                Se
                     oe                                            "ve,                          &                  Kermanshah

                          “                  Toke                                                                                  4
                                                                                                                                                Persepolis
                              ny
                               sue                                           :                                                          0                 4
                                  as         at                           KUWAIT                                                                      oShiraz
                                                    mraralead               ats
                                                                                  =X



        <=N=


                                   SAUDI                    ARABIA



                                   Buraydah
                                                                                                               Dhahran


        0                                             200 mi
            a
        0                          200 km
                                                                          ghiyadh
        g                                                                         ie My
7
                                                                                      ,     ;       UZBEKISTAN.                                  7
                                                                                                                                                 ot


    ¥                                                                                           hy,
    &                      TURKMENISTAN                                                               Re                               sQarshi
    '                                                                                                                       eat
                                                                                                                                            '
    w
    &                  (mee.
    i         _ieona            ca     @ Ashgabat                                                                                    era,


  1g                                   =                          Tejan                                                      Natit
Z al                                             ‘3           ;                                                              j
                                                         qy                                                                 5
                                                          Samra                                                         ,


                                                     °   Soon                                                      ig            oMeymaneh
                                           Mashhad                        L                         Lae



                                                                          / cr
                                                                     y                    oHerat
                                                                    me

                              oTabas                                fi
                                                                    \              AaB           GH            ASN           Te Soep    A: aN:



             Saghand                                                      )
            te .                                                          i                                                       Kandahar°
        °Yazd                                                                 oA
                                                                              5 4
                                                                                  7
                                                                              y                                                      tabiidnes


                       I         R           A            N                        q
                                                                                           =

                                                                                                ~     Ne   “

                                                                                                               \            PAKISTAN
                                                                                                               Ly
                ees        ppendes Abbas                              Iranshahr                                Zs




                                                                                                               Iranian Nuclear Facility
                                              ‘i       a

                          .   oo   _@   7 dee


                                        TR
                                         |                  be
                                                           ge
                                                                   .     6            :


                                         I   wie
                                                       7)
                                                           7   A 7 Bt,
                                                                             lee 5
                                                                                 oa
                                                                                  Py

                                                       \                     ;    oa)
                                                   -           -
                                                   a!
                                                                         ain © ®




AR@R     eae   tha   2.
  pine    a?    =
             Acknowledgments


WRITING THIS BOOK WAS NOT my number one objective for 2006.
However, the current affairs of the world have a way of dictating one’s
actions, and this book emerged as an outgrowth of the writing and
speaking I had been doing, and continue to do, about the ongoing
debacle that is America’s foreign policy in the Middle East, both in
regards to Iraq and, increasingly, issues pertaining to Iran, both in
terms of its nuclear program and its affiliation with Hezbollah in
Lebanon   and Hamas    in Palestine. Nevertheless,   this book still would
not have been written were it not for the vision and enthusiasm of
Hamilton Fish, the energetic and visionary head of the Nation Institute.
Ham took a concept developed over beers in a New York City restaurant
and helped guide it to fruition. Thank goodness for people like Ham
Fish and organizations like the Nation Institute, that are willing to sup-
port projects such as this which address critical issues and critical
analysis when, almost without exception, all others shy away. I’m forever
grateful for this bastion of progressive thinking to have opened its
doors to a conservative such as myself.
    This project likewise could not have been conducted without the
guiding hand of my editor and sounding board, Carl Bromley, who like
so many others at the Nation Institute has the ability to grasp ideas and
comprehend vision free of outside distractions. Carl also has the
innate ability to bring calm to the chaos that emerges from writing a
topical book such as this during a time when current events threaten
xe                            ACKNOWLEDGMENTS



to change everything on a daily basis. His disciplined approach
towards getting this book done enabled these and other obstacles to
be readily overcome. I would also like to thank Ruth Baldwin, Liliana
Segura, Taya Kitman          and all the others at Nation        Books      and the
 Nation Institute for their support and friendship, as well as Anne Sul-
 livan at Avalon, who likewise has made this project and others a joy
 to be involved with.
     Deciding to become a lightning rod for such a controversial topic
 as Iran and its nuclear program requires the support of friends and
 colleagues who don’t cut and run when the going gets tough. It also
 requires mentoring and guidance from those who have gone before,
 and who continue to speak truth to power. I am forever humbled by
 the brilliance and generosity of America’s preeminent investigative
journalist, Sy Hersh, who has served as a sounding board for my
analysis and prognosis over the years, as well as being one heck of a
good friend who can always be counted on for a kind word of sup-
port. I am also grateful for the wisdom and advice provided by
America’s      biographer,   Gore    Vidal, who     has been    kind   enough     to
make time in his very busy life for a fellow traveler on the road of
holding one’s beloved nation accountable when it strays off course.
    The growing awareness in the United States that something has
gone wrong in the way we as a people interface with the rest of the
world could not have been accomplished without the courage and
dedication of the progressive pro-peace movement, which I have had
the honor and pleasure of working with over the years. To Sunny
Miller and Charles Jenks and the Traprock Peace Center, Doug
Wilson and the Rowe Peace Camp, Jeff Norman at US Tour of Duty,
Ray McGovern and the Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity,
Medea    Benjamin and Code Pink, and the thousands                of others who
participate as part of nation-wide groups such as United for Peace
and Justice, American Friends, Veterans for Peace, Peace Action, and
all the other community and faith-based outlets for peaceful patriotic
expression, I give you my thanks and a promise of continued support.

     Writing   this book,    and    participating   in social   activism,    creates
demands on time and presence that is draining for friends, col-
leagues, and above all else, family. My thanks to Bob and Amy Murphy
and the rest of the Albany ‘gang’ for their continued support for their
                          ACKNOWLEDGMENTS                           °   Xi



‘invisible friend’, and   to my fellow firefighters at the Delmar   Fire
Department for putting up with my lengthy and sustained absences
from my duty station. I would also like to thank my friends and col-
leagues at the Dutchess County HAZMAT Team, and at the Pough-
keepsie Fire Department’s Station 2, for their support, inclusive of
innovative methodologies that enabled me to train and write at the
same time! For my parents, Pat and Bill Ritter, my sisters Shirley,
Suzanne and Amy, and their families, and to all my relatives, I apolo-
gize for my absence from the family circle during this time, and am
thankful for your continued understanding and support. And last but
not least, for my loving wife, Marina, her forever patient father,
Bidzina, and the most wonderful daughters a father could ever be
blessed with, Patricia and Victoria, I dedicate this book in hopes that
it contributes to a better world which we can continue        to enjoy
together, and pass on to our future generations.

                                                           Scott Ritter
                                                     Delmar, New York
                                                             July 2006
      ts,



9**
                         Prologue
                A briefing in August


AuGUST       14, 2002, STARTED OFF just like any other muggy
summer day in the capitol of the world’s sole-remaining superpower,
Washington, D.C. Tensions were running high about the looming crisis
with Iraq, with Congressional hearings having just been completed that
all but gave a green light to the Bush administration to pursue an
aggressive posture vis-a-vis the regime of Saddam Hussein over the issue
of weapons of mass destruction.
    At the State Department, Deputy Press Spokesman Phillip Reeker
approached the podium for the daily press briefing. Iraq was on
everyone’s minds, and so the briefing started out with questions about
the relations between the United States and the Iraqi National Con-
gress, or INC, and the issue of continued funding for the work being
done by the Iraqi opposition and its controversial leader, Ahmed    Cha-
labi. Soon the focus shifted from Chalabi and on to Saddam Hussein
and weapons of mass destruction, with a reporter asking about recent
intelligence reports indicating that Iraq had restarted a biological
weapons program.
    Mr. Reeker, ever the professional, handled the question using the
standard State Department generic response: “We have been very clear
about our concerns about Saddam Hussein’s regime and their attempts
to have weapons of mass destruction, programs to that effect, and
missiles to deliver them, and their support for terrorism. And so I don’t
think I can add again today anything new or different to our position
XIV   e                          PROLOGUE



in terms of our view of Saddam’s regime, the threat that that regime
poses not only to his own people but to the people of the region, and
indeed to peace and security around the world.”
   The briefing then shifted to the issue of Iran. It was here that
things got interesting.



      Reporter: The Iranian National Council of Resistance, or
      National Council of Iranian Resistance, has held a press
      conference this morning here in Washington. They were
      classified as a terrorist organization because they’re associated
      with Mujahedin-e Khalq, which is a—

      Mr. Reeker: MEK.

      Reporter: MEK. So I was just wondering what your position is
      on terrorist organizations like these, or organizations like these
      who are affiliated or on the list of terrorism—

      Mr. Reeker: It’s a terrorist organization. It’s listed as such, des-
      ignated as a Foreign Terrorist Organization under U.S. law. You
      can read about them in the Patterns on Global Terrorism Report.

      Reporter:   But they’re operating     openly. They had a press
      conference here in Washington. I mean, you’re not—

      Mr. Reeker: For that, you would need to talk to the Justice
      Department that enforces that law domestically.

      Reporter: Well, still on that matter, they actually—the press
      conference that they had was to disclose information that they
      had that Iran is in the process of building two new nuclear sites
      for weapons-grade fuel, and that they said that this information
      was passed on to the administration. So I guess the question is,
      do you believe—have you seen this information? Do you
      believe it to be true? And do you believe that Iran is in the
      process of building two nuclear sites?

      Mr. Reeker: I wouldn’t be in a position to discuss intelligence
      information from whatever source it might be, so I can’t help
      you on that.
                            PROLOGUE                                °   xV



   I think in terms     of Iran, our differences    with Iran stem
from policies and actions of its government, and we’ve talked
about that for some time, specifically the support for
international terrorist groups, the opposition to Arab-Israeli
peace process,   their pursuit of weapons       of mass   destruction
and the ballistic missile systems with which to deliver such
weapons, and their poor human rights record. And these
have been the issues and concerns that we have had about
the Iranian regime for some time. So that remains our
position.
    I think the President has been quite clear that the future of
Iran will be decided by the people of Iran, and he made a
statement on July 12th that I can refer you to in terms of some
of the internal debate taking place in Iran and the fact that the
United States follows this with interest, but that it’s a matter for
the people of Iran to decide. And as the President said, an Iran
that moves toward freedom and tolerance will have no better
friend than the United States.

Reporter: Phil, back on the question of the National Council of
Resistance, can you check if it’s possible and find out when the
last communication was from the State Department to the
Justice Department about the—about this group? Because it
does seem implausible that it wouldn’t raise any eyebrows if a
group that’s labeled an FTO is giving a press conference in a
hotel, you know, at the Willard that’s just a stone’s throw from
the White House. So if it’s possible, can you find out when the
last time you—it was raised with Justice?

Mr. Reeker:   Yes,   I mean, Justice enforces    the law. We    make
designations under it and Justice enforces that law. You need to
ask them what they may be looking at in terms of.

Reporter: That’s what I want to know, if it’s possible. Have you
guys been kind of saying, look, there’s this group out there and
they’re on the list, and they’re still operating.

Mr. Reeker: I’d be happy to check. I’m sure they are equally as
aware of the list and the people on it as are we.
XVI   e                            PROLOGUE                            .



      Reporter: But if we could stay on the subject, I mean, these
      people came into the United States. They probably got visas
      through the State Department. I mean, isn’t there some sort of
      law banning—

      Mr. Reeker: I don’t know who these people are or whether they
      were people here in the United Statesor what their citizenship
      was, or anything else. I’m afraid I don’t have any information
      on who they are. I did hear that there was a press conference
      being given today, I believe at 11:00 A.M., by such a group, but
      I have no further information on them. And as a domestic
      matter   in terms   of law enforcement,      it would     be   for   the
      Department of Justice to look into that.

      Reporter:     If—I mean,    this looks very much      like the Iraqi
      resistance movement       that was here last week, the leaders from
      the Iraqi resistance movement. If Iran is developing weapons of
      mass destruction, nuclear or biological, which this group says
      they are, with the assistance of Russia, and they’re campaigning
      here in the U.S. The regime in Iran is not exactly free and
      democratic and open. Will the State Department take some
      sort of action? Are you in contact with this group to try and do
      something there like what you’re trying to do in Iraq?

      Mr. Reeker: Again, I think you’re looking at two different
      situations.   I’ve made    quite clear, yet again   today, what      our
      concerns are about Iran, what our policy is about Iran. I have
      invited you to review the President’s statement from July 12th.
      But very much so, our concerns include Iranian government’s
      pursuit of weapons of mass destruction and missile systems. So
      that remains a concern of ours that we watch very closely.

      Reporter: Is it possible that a D.C. representative office of an
      FTO could be exempted? This is what this group claims—

      Mr. Reeker: You’d have to ask the Justice Department because
      they enforce     the law, that is, the Anti-Terror      and    Effective
      Death Penalty Act of 1996.

      Reporter: So that’s not the State Department’s—
                                PROLOGUE                                       °* XVII



   Mr. Reeker: They would, and we don’t have a domestic law enforce-
   ment role. You need to ask the Justice Department on that.

   Reporter: I’m aware of that. But do you make exceptions—you
   designate the FTOs.

   Mr. Reeker: Right.

   Reporter: Do you make exceptions for groups underneath the
   umbrella name      of MEK?   It’s not about enforcement; it’s about
   designation. If they're not designated an FTO—

   Mr. Reeker: This particular group that you’re asking about, at
   least according to the press release or the announcement of
   their   press   conference   is, we   consider,      the    so-called    NCRI,
   National Council of Resistance of Iran, we consider them to be
   a Foreign Terrorist Organization,           consider them       to be under
   the umbrella of the Mujahedin-e Khalq organization, the MEK.

   Reporter: So      any   of their    subsidiaries     would      be similarly
   designated?

   Mr. Reeker: Right. And if you look in Patterns of Global Terrorism,
   they list   a number     of them,     and    there    are    others     I think
   included in the actual legal documents that designate it.
   Because obviously people can adopt new names and new
   acronyms and other things, so that is watched very closely.

As a former U.N. weapons inspector who played an integral role pub-
licly and behind the scenes in formulating and implementing arms
control and disarmament policy, the scene that played out at the State
Department briefing room on August 14, 2002 was quite remarkable,
even to one such as myself who had grown accustomed to the surre-
alistic atmosphere that often enveloped formal government-sponsored
briefings. According to the State Department’s own version of events,
a spokesperson affiliated with an identified terrorist group was
giving a public press conference, with the full knowledge of the U.S.
government,    in Washington, D.C. This occurred at a time when the
U.S. government’s condemnation of Saddam Hussein included lan-
guage accusing the Iraqi leader of his ongoing support of terrorism.
XVIIT   ©                    PROLOGUE                      2



    Making this matter even more bizarre was the fact that the
terrorist group in question—the National Council of Resistance in
Iran—was delivering a presentation on the status of Iran’s nuclear
program that proved to be more precise and accurate than anything
the Iraqi National Congress and its leader, Ahmed Chalabi, ever pro-
vided to the United States. I had plenty of personal interaction over
the years with Ahmed Chalabi which centered around his possession
of so-called “sensitive information” about Iraqi weapons of mass
destruction, and had come to accept, cynically, the notion of Middle
Eastern expatriate opposition figures using Washington, D.C., as a
platform for promoting their own specific cause. It turned out that
the “sensitive information” Ahmed Chalabi had been selling America
(and the U.N.) was nothing less than snake poison. In a large part
due to the lies and distortions peddled by Chalabi concerning the so-
called “weapons of mass destruction threat” emanating from Iraq,
America finds itself embroiled in an illegitimate war of aggression in
Iraq, one that has currently manifested itself as a disastrous occupa-
tion of that once sovereign state.
    In a large part because of his role in facilitating the war through
his fabrications and misrepresentations of fact (although Chalabi
likened himself as a “hero in error,” as opposed to a simple liar),
and also because of some unsavory ties that Chalabi and his INC
had developed with the Iranian Intelligence Services (which included
passing onto Iran information about U.S. intelligence sources and
methods, thus compromising American efforts to combat and contain
a growing Iraqi insurgency), Ahmed Chalabi and the INC had lost its
“most favored” status, and by the summer     of 2002 had its funding,
underwritten by the U.S. taxpayer via the U.S. State Department,
frozen while his entire operation was being reviewed by the U.S. gov-
ernment. The irony of having a named terrorist group (the NCRI)
providing accurate intelligence about potential weapons of mass
destruction activity in Iran, a nation identified by the Bush adminis-
tration as a leading supporter of international terror, while the
United States withheld millions of dollars in financial assistance to
Chalabi’s organization escaped most who were not in the State
Department briefing room that day. But I for one did not see irony; I
saw the recent past being replayed, with American policy objectives
once again being hidden behind a veil of deceit, with regime change
                                  PROLOGUE                                      ©   XIX



disguised as disarmament. Some of the cast of characters had
changed, with a Mesopotamian Dictator replaced by Persian Islamist
Theocrats, but the stage and the play remained the same.

But the real drama wasn’t in at Foggy Bottom, but a few blocks away,
in the lobby of the Willard          Hotel,   where    a U.S.-educated        Iranian
citizen, Alireza Jafarzadeh, had delivered a briefing full of dynamite.
Mr.    Jafarzadeh,   the     chief    congressional           liaison   and    media
spokesperson for the U.S. representative office of Iran’s parliament in
exile, the National Council of Resistance of Iran, had appeared before
a group of reporters and briefed them on some new information
about Iraq’s nuclear program.
    Alireza Jafarzadeh is a man of no small controversy. Born in
Mashad, Iran, he left for the United States to attend University prior
to the 1979 revolution that ousted Reza Shah Palevi. Jafarzadeh joined
the Mujahedin-e Khalq soon after that time, and became a fanatically
dedicated member, even going so far as to volunteer to set himself on
fire outside the U.N. Headquarters building in New York City to draw
attention to the MEK’s cause. In 1988 Alireza Jafarzadeh traveled to
Iraq, where    he received military training at one             of the MEK     camps
then operating under the auspices of Saddam Hussein’s Mukhabarat.
      The MEK, once part of the Iranian revolution that overthrew the
Shah (and, according to some accounts, was behind the murder of sey-
eral Americans in Iran prior to 1979), had helped plan and carry out
the capture of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran, and the holding of fifty-two
American citizens hostage. However, in 1981 the MEK had a falling-out
with the theocrats in Tehran, and its members fled to Paris, where they
 set up headquarters. By 1986 the MEK, with the cooperation of Iraq’s
 President, Saddam Hussein, began setting up military bases in Iraq.
 From these bases MEK forces would cooperate with Saddam Hussein’s
 regime in its life-or-death struggle with the Islamic Republic of Iran.
     In late July 1988, just prior to a cease-fire entering into force
between Iran and Iraq (and thus ending a bloody eight-year war),
Alireza Jafarzadeh’s MEK unit participated in “Operation Forough-e
Jaavedaan,” or “Eternal Light,” a desperate attempt to overthrow the
Iranian    government.     The   MEK’s    forces,     which     included   scores    of
armored vehicles, drove more than 100 miles into Iran, capturing the
town of Islamabad, before being cut off and destroyed by the Iranian
xX    ¢                          PROLOGUE



military. The MEK suffered thousands of casualties in the process.
Jafarzadeh was one of the lucky ones to escape back into Iraq alive.

The MEK consolidated its surviving forces:within its main base inside
Iraq, known as Camp Ashraf (named for the first wife of the MEK’s
founder and spiritual leader, Massoud Rajavi). In March           1991, in the
aftermath of the defeat of the Iraqi Army during Operation Desert
Storm, the MEK was called upon by Saddam Hussein to help suppress
the revolt of the Kurds in northern Iraq. The MEK planned and
executed Operation Morvarid, or Pearl, in which its forces allegedly
killed hundreds of Kurdish civilians, including women         and children.
This operation, along with the murders of Americans in Iran and the
seizure of the U.S. Embassy in 1979, earned the MEK the label of
“terrorist organization” by the United States Department of State in
1997, a status that still holds to this date.
    As the exchange between the State Department’s Deputy
Spokesperson and the assembled media on August 14, 2002
illustrated, Mr. Jafarzadeh’s status as a spokesperson of the political
arm       of the MEK,   the National   Council   for Resistance   in Iran, or
NCRI, remained a matter of no small controversy, as did his partici-
pation in military operations (and potential war crimes) against Iran
and Iraqi Kurds as a de facto proxy of Saddam Hussein.

When one thinks of the term matchmaker, the President’s State of the
Union Address doesn’t normally trigger an association. However the
first State of the Union Address of the Bush administration, delivered
on January      29, 2002,   turned   out   to be a matchmaker      of historic
proportions. It was in this speech that George W. Bush first publicly
coined the phrase Axis of Evil, when referring to Iran, North Korea
and, of course, Iraq. “States like these,” the President said, “and their
terrorist allies, constitute an axis of evil, arming to threaten the peace
of the world. By seeking weapons of mass destruction, these regimes
pose a grave and growing danger. They could provide these arms to
terrorists, giving them the means to match their hatred. They could
attack our allies or attempt to blackmail the United States. In any of
these cases, the price of indifference would be catastrophic.”
   The President had reserved most of his rhetoric for Saddam
Hussein and Iraq, the number one focus of his administration at the
                              PROLOGUE                             ©   XXiI



time and a nation for which the United States was busy making prepa-
rations for war. North Korea likewise received a great deal of attention
in the speech. Surprisingly, Iran only rated a single line of criticism:
“Iran aggressively pursues these weapons and exports terror, while an
unelected few repress the Iranian people’s hope for freedom.” But the
match had been made, and Iran was now a charter member of George
Bush’s Axis of Evil. One critical aspect of this match was that Iran and
Iraq were now inextricably linked to an overall Bush administration
national security strategy which fixated on regional transformation
(i.e., regime change) in the Middle East, and embraced preventive
unilateral military operations as the prime vehicle for achieving this.
    The other match made that night was not so obvious, and took
longer to arrange. Alireza Jafarzadeh had been watching the
President’s speech from his office at the National Press Club in
Washington, D.C., and liked what he had heard, considering it a step
in the right direction for the Bush administration, bringing America
closer to confronting the Iranian regime Jafarzadeh had sworn to
remove from power. Up until the State of the Union speech,
Jafarzadeh felt that the U.S. government had taken a policy approach
toward Iran that was more akin to appeasement than containment.
   Jafarzadeh and the others at NCRI     (and the MEK)     had watched
with frustration as Iran and Russia had grown closer over the years,
culminating with close economic ties which not only strengthened the
theocrats in Tehran economically and politically, but because some of
these ties were based upon the sale of weapons and technology that
could be used to produce weapons, the mullahs was strengthened
militarily as well. Some of the most worrisome transactions between
Russia and Iran involved the transfer of missile-related technologies,
and nuclear reactors that the NCRI believed were part of a secret
Iranian nuclear weapons program. However, given the pariah status
the NCRI enjoyed with American officialdom, these concerns more
often than not fell on deaf ears.
    But there were other people who shared the same concerns as Mr.
Jafarzadeh. In late 2001, in the aftermath of the September 11, 2001
terrorist attacks on the United States, a group of like-minded persons
came together to form a new lobbying entity in Washington, D.C.,
known as the Committee for a Democratic Iran. At the heart of this
grouping were well-known neoconservative ideologues such as
XXII   e                             PROLOGUE



Michael       Leeden     (a senior       fellow   at the American    Enterprise
Institute),    Morris    Amitay   (the former       Executive   Director   of the
American-Israeli        Public Affairs     Committee,   or AIPAC),   and James
Woolsey (the former Director of the CIA).
    The underlying objective of the CDI was to achieve regime change
in Tehran. While an American-registered lobby, the CDI had an
extremely pro-Israel bias, and indeed many of its members were
either directly or indirectly associated with powerful pro-Israeli
lobbies such as AIPAC or the Jewish Institute for National Security
Affairs, or JINSA. The CDI, like AIPAC and JINSA, viewed the MEK,
and its political front, NCRI, as worthy of wide-ranging support, in
part because the MEK was the only relatively large, well-organized
anti-regime force in existence. The fact that the MEK was based in
Iraq, and had openly supported the oppressive policies of Saddam
Hussein in the past, were apparently of little relevance.
    The membership of the CDI had a history of lobbying on behalf of
forces hostile to regimes that had been targeted for removal. Leeden,
Amitay, and Woolsey were all active supporters of the Iraqi opposition
leader, Ahmed Chalabi. They had spent years working behind the
scenes to turn Chalabi into a player on the U.S. scene, and by the end
of 2001 Ahmed Chalabi and his organization, the Iraqi National Con-
gress (INC), had become a major supplier of intelligence information
to the Bush administration regarding Iraqi WMD programs. The
elimination of Iraq’s WMD had become a rallying cry within the Bush
administration which served as the heart of its overall policy objective
in Iraq of removing Saddam Hussein from power. By the beginning of
2002, it appeared that this was a successful model upon which one
could build if regime change in Tehran was to be achieved.
    The CDI, in so far as it concentrated together under a single
banner so many critical personalities from organizations that have come
to be known collectively as the Israeli Lobby, possessed close links
with the Israeli government. Despite much speculation about the
interplay between the Israeli Lobby and the Israeli government, it is
the government of Israel, and not the so-called Israeli Lobby, which
formulates the foreign and national security policy of Israel. Of
course, there are no absolutes; the 1996 policy paper, “A Clean Break,”
illustrates this point. Written by several American neo-conservative
ideologues with close links to the Israeli Likud Party, served as a
                                        PROLOGUE                              ©   XXII!



guideline on how the newly elected Prime Minister of Israel,
Benjamin Netanyahu, could best leverage Israeli influence within the
U.S. national security decision making hierarchy for the benefit of
Israel. This being said, the Israeli Lobby does serve as a useful proxy
for promoting the Israeli position, and given the close links between
those in the Israeli Lobby and the Israeli government, especially the
right-wing Likud, one is able to closely connect the causes that the
Israeli Lobby espouses with the official policy line of the Likud Party,
whether serving as the government of Israel or the opposition.
    Another founding member of CDI, an Iranian-American named
Rob     Sobhani,       is a friend   of the former     Shah   of Iran’s son       (and
ostensible heir to the Iranian throne), Reza Pahlavi. Using the close
links the CDI had with the Israeli Lobby, Sobhani and others at CDI,
especially Michael Ledeen, were able to forge close contacts between
Reza Pahlavi and the Likud government of Prime Minister Ariel
Sharon.       CDI and other members           of the Israeli Lobby, in particular
AIPAC, were proponents of building support within the United States
government for Reza Pahlavi to be annointed as the logical choice to
replace the regime of the mullahs in Tehran. A key element of this
plan was to elevate Palahvi’s status as a legitimate “player” regarding
present-day Iran, and not just a bit actor from the past. For help in
this,   the     CDI    turned   to   the   Likud   government   in Israel,    taking
advantage of a visit to the United States by Prime Minister Ariel
Sharon in February 2002.
    Ariel Sharon, like many others in Israel, was perturbed by the
aggressive Iraq-centric focus of the Bush administration. While Israel
had long harbored concerns over Saddam Hussein’s government, its
close links with U.N. weapons inspectors in Iraq during the 1990s
provided it with an insight into the true nature of the Iraqi threat,
which was found to be minimal and easily contained.                Not so, in the
mind of the Likud, the case with Iran. While Israel would not shed any
tears over the demise of Saddam’s regime, there was a widespread
belief that if the United States were to engage itself dramatically into
the affairs of the Middle East, to the extent of invading Iraq, then it
had better be prepared to stay the course and finish the job, a job
which from the Israeli perspective included regime change in Syria
and     Iran,    and    nullification      of Hezbollah   in Lebanon     and       the
PLO/Hamas factions in Palestine.
XXIV   ©                         PROLOGUE



      In early February   2002   a senior Israeli delegation      arrived   in
Washington, D.C., which included both Ariel Sharon and his defense
minister, Benjamin Ben-Eliezer. Ben-Eliezer met with Vice President
Dick Cheney on February 8, and emphasized that Israel’s number
one    concern   was Iran, not Iraq. “The   danger as I see it,” he told
Cheney,    “is from   a Hezbollah-Iran-Palestinian    triangle,   with   Iran
leading this triangle and putting together a coalition of terror.” Ben-
Eliezer told Cheney that Israel was particularly worried about Iran’s
nuclear weapons program, and that Israel believed Iran could have
nuclear weapons by 2005. Ben-Eliezer shared with Cheney the basis of
his concern—Israeli intelligence, already shared with their U.S. coun-
terparts in the CIA, about secret Iranian      nuclear weapons      facilities
operating outside the scope of International Atomic Energy Agency
(IAEA) safeguard inspections. The next day, February 9, Prime
Minister Sharon repeated these concerns during his meeting with
President Bush. The goal of the meeting was to convince Bush that
Iran constituted a strategic threat to Israel beyond that posed by Iraq.
    But the Bush administration was not to be deterred from its focus
on removing Saddam Hussein. When the White House asked the CIA
about the Israeli claims, the CIA Director, George Tenant, reportedly
replied that this was information the United States was aware of, but
didn’t give it much credibility. President Bush did raise the issue with
Russian President Putin during a summit meeting in May, but focused
on the issue of the Russian effort to install a nuclear reactor at Bushehr,
as opposed to the Isreali information about secret facilities. The
Russians, undeterred, seemed intent to proceed with the deal, U.S.
objections notwithstanding. In late July 2002 the Russians surprised
everyone by signing an agreement with the Iranians which dramatically
increased the scale and scope of Russian-Iranian cooperation well
beyond simply the Bushehr deal. In this agreement Russia offered to
build five more nuclear power plants in Iran, as well as expand
economic cooperation to include oil, gas, and aircraft manufacturing.
A senior U.S. delegation visited Russia in early August, protesting the
deal, but the Russians pressed ahead. A summit between the Russian
and Iranian governments was scheduled for August 20, in which the
ambitious ten-year plan of cooperation was to be discussed.
    Rebuked by the United States, the Israelis looked for another
vehicle to draw attention to the threat they believed Iran posed, and
                               PROLOGUE                             °   XXV



thus spur America to take that threat posed by Iran more seriously. Of
critical importance was to get the United States to stop the
Russian-Iranian cooperation on nuclear activity. Sobhomi and CDI
provided an ideal solution, namely that the Israeli government use Reza
Pahlavi as the mouthpiece for telling the world about what the Iranians
were up to in the field of nuclear weapons, and in exchange Pahlavi
would be given immediate credibility and with it front runner status
in the race of those trying to rule Iran post-Mullah. Unfortunately for
the Israelis and CDI, Reza Pahlavi balked, apparantly not wanting to
risk his standing inside Iran by having too close of a link with Israeli
intelligence.
   Undeterred,    Ledeen   and the CDI    turned   to the MEK,   or more
specifically, its political front in Washington,   D.C., the NCRI, as the
next best option to bring the Israeli intelligence to center stage. CDI
reportedly lobbied the NCRI representative, Alireza Jafarzadeh, to
serve as the mouthpiece for presenting the Israeli intelligence to the
general public. This was not as far a stretch as one might believe;
Israeli intelligence had maintained a relationship with the MEK that
dated back to the mid-1990s. The stage was now set for Alireza to
deliver his lines.
    “What I am going to reveal today,” Jafarzadeh said, “is the result of
extensive research and investigation by the Committee of Defense
and Strategic Studies of the National Council of Resistance of Iran,
with the benefit of Command Headquarters Inside Iran of the People’s
Mojahedin Organization of Iran, which I am going to share with
you.” This, of course, was not true. According to knowledgeable
sources, Jafarzadeh’s information came from Israeli intelligence. But
this point was irrelevant. For what Jafarzadeh said next literally
propelled the world down a path that could change the course of
modern history:
    Although on the surface, the regime’s main nuclear activity
revolves around Bushehr’s nuclear plant, but in reality many secret
nuclear programs are at work without any knowledge of International
Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
    One of these top-secret projects is Natanz’s nuclear facility. Natanz
is about 100 miles north of Isfahan. The other one is the Arak’s atomic
facilities. Arak is a city in central Iran, 150 miles south of Tehran.
These two projects have been kept secret until now.
XXXVI   e                              PROLOGUE



    Jafarzadeh went on to provide details about suppliers, manufac-
turers,     bureaucratic   entities,    and   chronological   details   about   the
work he claimed was going on at the two facilities. The briefing was
attended by reporters from the Wall Street Journal, Associated Press,
Fox News,       the French    News      Agency,   and Aljazeera.   Aljazeera    had
attempted to get the Iranian government to provide a comment on
the accusations leveled by Jafarzadeh, but got no reply. The
revelations made by Jafarzadeh barely made a blip on the radar
screen of mainstream         media in the United States or elsewhere,           the
entire world at that time seemingly solely focused on the issue of
Iraq’s WMD programs and the increasingly bellicose statements being
made by the American government.
    At first blush it seemed the Israeli gambit had failed. But in the
months and years that followed his briefing, Alireza Jafarzadeh’s short
presentation on that muggy day in August 2002 would steamroll into
a global crisis that, by the summer of 2006, threatened to push the
world over the edge of an abyss.
    I have decided to tell the story of this journey from Foggy Bottom
to the Abyss not because I am a first-hand participant in the events
portrayed herein, but rather because I am not. Rather than
recounting the events from the perspective of an insider, I offer the
perspectives of an informed observer. While I have not participated in
any weapons inspections inside Iran, I did participate in numerous
U.N.-mandated inspections in Iraq. I have sat in on Security Council
discussions about how to deal with the Iraq situation, watched the
diplomatic struggles behind the scenes as governments attempt to
forge consensus, sat in on meetings at the White House, State
Department, Pentagon and CIA as policy was formulated, as well as
meetings with the IAEA at its headquarters in Vienna, Austria, and in
the field, as these policies were implemented. I have witnessed the
frustration of the nation targeted for inspection (in my case Iraq, but
it could very well have been Iran), as they wrestled with the inherent
contradictions of U.S. policy objectives of regime change being
wrapped in layer after layer of disingenuous commitment to arms
control and disarmament. I know most of the players of this game,
whether they be diplomats in Europe, spies in Israel, or inspectors in
the United States. I have spent hours discussing the issue of Iran and
its nuclear program with these experts, and have come to the
                                 PROLOGUE                             °* XXVIII



conclusion that, in the issue ofIran, we are seeing history repeat itself.
I am struck by the similarity between how the United States, Israel,
Europe, Russia, and the United Nations stumbled their collective way
toward war in Iraq based upon a false premise (i.e., the existence of
WMD    in Iraq), and what is transpiring vis-a-vis Iran today, where we
seem to be stumbling down that very same path of conflict, driven by
ghosts of a nuclear weapons program that has not manifested itself
beyond the hyperbole and speculative rhetoric of those whose true
agenda lies more in changing the regime in Tehran than it does with
genuine non-proliferation and disarmament.

This has been a difficult book to write. The subject matter is
complicated on a number of levels, and it is easy to fall into the trap
of technical or diplomatic minutia. I have done my best to avoid such
traps, and yet lay out the technical and diplomatic framework so that
the basics of the story can be understood and followed by the reader.
Much of the technical information about Iran’s nuclear programs is
contained in the reports prepared by the International Atomic Energy
Agency about their work in Iran. Where needed, I have consulted
specialists in uranium mining and processing for some clarification
on certain processes. Sourcing for this book, outside of publicly
available materials such as the IAEA reports and media accounts, has
been difficult. Given the highly politicized nature of the subject, no
one involved in the Iranian issue who did speak with me wanted to
be identified in any way, shape or form. As such, I have relied on
the information they provided primarily as a guide to help me navi-
gate through the reams of open source reporting on Iran, picking
those accounts that best reflect the actual situation as told to me. On
occasion I have woven into the narrative data provided directly by a
source, always careful to protect the identity of the individual or
individuals involved. These include academics from around the
world, weapons inspectors involved in the Iranian nuclear issue (both
past and present), nuclear experts (both in the field of energy and
weapons),   intelligence   officials   in Israel, Europe,   and   the United
States, and diplomatic sources in Europe and the United States.
    I made an effort to reach out to the government of Iran, and had
been told that I would be granted a visa to visit that country and
conduct interviews and visits in support of this book, but literally at
XXVIII   ©                     PROLOGUE



the last minute, the Iranian government withdrew its support. I had
submitted a list of questions and interviews, and I can only assume
that the Iranians were taken aback by the direct nature of some of
the questioning. I have tried to remain impartial throughout the
telling of this story, but have to admit to being taken aback by the
Iranian government’s behavior in this regard. However, any preju-
dice brought on by this encounter is more than offset by my own
opinions formed regarding U.S. policy in the Middle East after
nearly a decade’s worth of involvement in the Iraq issue. So hope-
fully the two will balance each other out in the telling of the story of
the Iranian crisis.
     How this crisis came to be, and the story of the individuals and
organizations involved, is a tale full of hubris, pathos, integrity, and
deception. It is a story of intelligence and indifference, and the fear
born of ignorance. Most importantly, it is a story of national over-
reach, by many parties, and the awful consequences of such. As such,
it is a story that is dominated by a sickening sense of déja vu, as if we
have seen this all before, with the accusatory finger being pointed in
the direction of Iraq, instead of Iran. Because we have seen this story
unfold before, this time we are, in the process of telling the story, able
to discern a path that leads away from the abyss of conflict with Iran,
and yet at the same    time ascertain why, in the end, human       foibles
might succeed in pushing the world collectively over its edge.
                                 One
              A Crisis Made in Israel


TO UNDERSTAND ISRAEL’S PRESENT STANCE On Iran, perhaps
the best place to begin is at Yad Vashem, Israel’s main Holocaust
museum and memorial. It is at Yad Vashem that Israeli’s reflect on the
very reason there is a modern Israeli state, namely because of the
 genocidal forces that wrought so much suffering upon the Jewish
people in the past century. Modern Israelis are also reminded here of
 the political forces that continue to seek the elimination of not only the
Jews, but also Israel itself.
    Recognizing the powerful influence that the Holocaust plays on the
psyche of Israel is not just important in terms of understanding why
Israel would never tolerate the existence of forces opposed to its
survival, but also how an issue of such emotional depth has the poten-
tial to poison an environment, to the point that Israel and its sup-
porters can support policies that can end up being exploited for
purposes that are detrimental to the long-term survival and prosperity
of the Israeli state.
    Anyone who has visited Israel as an official guest, as I have done a
number of times, has been provided a tour of that tiny nation, and as
such can sense Israel’s perceived vulnerability. There is a certain
paranoia that dominates the Israeli psyche, one that is not without
some merit. The high number of suicide attacks bears witness to the
reality that there are in fact organizations and people “out there” who
seek to do harm to the state of Israel and the Israeli people.
ze                            TARGET     IRAN



    It should come as no surprise then that senior Israeli politicians
chose Yad Vashem as the place from which to make clear the Israeli
policy regarding Iran’s nuclear ambitions. On this year’s Holocaust
Remembrance Day two [ranian-born Jews delivered these remarks. “I
call on the Western world to not stand silently in the face of the
nations that are trying to acquire nuclear weapons and [who] preach
the destruction of the State of Israel,” Israeli President Moshe Katsav
remarked during prepared remarks made at Yad Vashem. On the
same day, at the opening of the Center for Iranian Studies at Tel Aviv
University, outgoing Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz highlighted
Israel’s contention that Iran had funded terror groups operating
inside the Palestinian territories with close to $10 million in financial
assistance since the start of 2006. Mr. Mofaz went on to say that the
Israeli policy should be focused on seeking the demise of the current
regime in Tehran.
     However,   there is an element of hypocrisy inherent in the Israeli
position. Israel possesses nuclear weapons capabilities that were
acquired surreptitiously, and fields a force of modern ballistic missiles
capable of firing nuclear warheads into not only Iran, but also every
other nation in the region. The irony of Israel, a nation born of the
Holocaust and alone among Middle Eastern nations in possessing the
holocaust-generating power of nuclear weapons, condemning Iran
for its rhetoric while itself espousing the demise of the Iranian
government, is lost on few outside of Israel and the United States, and
for a large part explains why the legitimacy of the Israeli concerns
about Iran to a large extent fall on deaf ears.

The reality of the Holocaust (from an historical perspective) and the
concept of the Holocaust (regarding Israel’s future) dominate the
national security thinking of the Israeli state. It is wrong to
characterize the emotions and beliefs of over five million people in
the person of a single individual, especially when it comes to the issue
of Israel’s national security, Iraq and Iran. However, there is one man
who has so dominated these issues for over the past decade that it is
impossible to speak of these issues without referring to his name over
and over again—Amos Gilad.
     When   meeting   Amos   Gilad,   it is at first hard   to imagine   such
serious matters being rolled up into the personage of such a man. Of
                                 SCOTT    RITTER                             e    3



medium height, with a thinning shock of white hair, possessing a soft,
pudgy frame, and pale skin reflective of acareer indoors, rummaging
through papers and sitting through briefings, one would be hard
pressed equating the physical impression of the man with the near-
mythological status he holds as one of Israel’s premier spymasters. But
when the man speaks, and in doing so exposes his intellect to his
audience, the physical no longer matters as the sharp insights and
analytical capacity of Amos Gilad becomes clear. Whether one agrees
with his assessments or not, there is no escaping the fact that with his
soft but firm   voice   and    direct    presentation,   Amos   Gilad   projects
confidence in that which he speaks of.
   This confidence is born of an adult lifetime spent in the service of the
Israeli Defense Force, serving as an officer within the Aman, or Military
Intelligence. Born in 1954 to a father who immigrated from Czechoslo-
vakia to Israel in 1939, and a mother who was a survivor of the Holocaust,
Amos Gilad had the history of the persecution and near-extermination
of Europe’s Jews seared into his being from youth. The legend of Amos
Gilad tells of how he wrote a paper on Auschwitz which involved
research so detailed that it enabled the young Amos to correct any errors
in stories told by camp survivors. A serious student, Amos Gilad enlisted
in the Officer’s Candidate Academic Studies Program upon graduating
from high school, allowing him to earn a Master’s Degree in Political
Science from the University of Haifa before going on active duty.
   With his advanced degree and sharp intellect, Amos Gilad was a
natural for assignment to Military Intelligence. He entered military
service in the aftermath       of the 1973 Yom     Kippur War, and as such
joined an intelligence branch stinging from the embarrassment of
failed analysis, a process which has taken on the shameful title of kon-
septsia, from the Hebrew word for conception, a derogatory reference
to the pre-1973 assessment of the head of Israeli Military Intelligence
at the time, Eli Za’ira, who “conceived” that Egypt would not launch
an attack against Israel, ignoring a huge amount of intelligence the
contrary. In the aftermath of Eli Za’ira’s konseptsia, the Aman          put in
place analytical checks and balances throughout the military
intelligence system in order to make sure that never again would
Israel fall victim to assessments void of fact.
    The rigorous training in the art ofintelligence paid off. In 1978, as
a junior officer, Amos        Gilad   made   a name      for himself when        he
4e                           TARGET   IRAN



accurately predicted a PLO terror attack along the Israeli seacoast. In
1982,   by now   a major, Amos   Gilad   became   embroiled    in Israel’s
invasion of Lebanon. Assigned to the Aman’s research branch, Gilad
was very critical of Israel’s close ties with the Lebanese Christian Pha-
langist militias. Major Gilad predicted that Israel’s decision to allow
the Phalangist militia into the Palestinian refugee camps of Sabra and
Chatila would result in the massacre of the civilian population. On
the night of September 16, 1982, Amos Gilad arrived at a forward
command post near Beirut, and started immediately to send warnings
of an impending slaughter back to his higher headquarters. His warn-
ings were ignored, largely because analysts in the rear headquarters
believed that Amos was responding to a gut feeling, rather than hard
fact?. The official investigation into the role of the Israeli Defense
Force (IDF) in Sabra and Chatila revealed that Major Gilad was acting
on far more than gut feeling; he had overheard conversations
between Israeli officers that indicated that a massacre was underway.
    The horrible events at Sabra and Chatila left a mark on Amos Gilad,
making him not only more cognizant of the soundness of his analytical
thinking, but the absolute requirement to press this analysis home
in the face of doubters or bureaucratic inaction. Gilad worked his way
through various assignments within the Aman, until fate had him,
by this time a Colonel, serving as the head of the Iraq desk on the eve
of the escalation of tensions with Iraq over its nuclear program,
Saddam’s subsequent threat to “burn half of Israel” with a chemical
weapon,   the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait, and the American      build-up in
Saudi Arabia in response. As the head of the Iraq desk, Amos Gilad
monitored Iraqi military developments continuously, and would brief
his findings to the Director of Military Intelligence, and more often
than not, to the Defence Minister and Prime Minister.
     At the time of Saddam   Hussein’s invasion of Kuwait, the United
States, through the Department of Defense, maintained an
intelligence sharing program with the IDF, which operated under the
codename Ice Castle. While the history of modern U.S.-Israeli
intelligence sharing programs have as their genesis the tumultuous
period surrounding the 1973 Yom Kippur War, the specifics of the Ice
Castle program were tied to the crisis of Spring 1990, when Israeli
intelligence detected a resurgence of activity within Iraq related to
nuclear matters, prompting Israeli politicians to publicly speculate
                             SCOTT    RITTER                           O45)



about a repeat of the 1982 attack by Israel on the Osirak nuclear
reactor outside of Baghdad, an action that many today believe
retarded Saddam Hussein’s nuclear ambitions by over a decade.
   Iraq, for its part, put Israel on notice that any such attack by Israel
would result in an Iraqi counterattack, including the use of chemical
weapons   that would,   according    to Saddam   Hussein,   “burn   half of
Israel.” The Ice Castle program revolved around Israel’s concerns
relating to Iraqi capabilities to launch such an attack, and U.S.
intelligence data, specifically satellite photographs of western Iraq,
was provided to Israel (via Israeli liaison officers dispatched to Wash-
ington, D.C.) to help detect any suspicious Iraqi activity in the deserts
of western Iraq. Of specific concern for the Israelis were Iraqi SCUD
missiles, armed with chemical warheads, which when operating from
locations in western Iraq would be able to range all of Israel. In the
period of heightened tensions between Israel and Iraq that followed
into the summer of 1990, the Ice Castle cooperation detected a surge
of ballistic missile related activity in western Iraq on the part of the
Iraqi military, including the establishment of numerous fixed-arm
missile launchers oriented toward Israel, and the survey of missile
launch sites for Iraq’s mobile SCUD launchers.
    Theory quickly became reality when, following Iraq’s August 1990
invasion of Kuwait, the Iraqi military deployed nearly a dozen
chemical warhead-tipped SCUD missiles to the deserts of western
Iraq. Even as U.S. forces surged into the Middle East in the months
following the Iraqi invasion, Israel pushed the United States for more
information on the Iraqi missile threat. However, the U.S. planning
priority had shifted away from dealing with an Israeli-centric issue
revolving around missile threats in western Iraq, to a larger matter of
assembling a large, multi-national coalition comprising many key
Arab allies, which would not only defend the eastern oil fields of Saudi
Arabia from the threat of expanded Iraqi incursions, but also launch
a counterattack designed to liberate Kuwait from Iraqi occupation.
Israel’s concerns were no longer America’s concerns, so much so that
Ice Castle imagery was diverted to U.S. military planners (myself
included), while Israeli liaison officers sat empty handed in Pentagon
briefing rooms.
   Israeli military and political leaders grew increasingly irritated by
the lack of U.S. sensitivity regarding what they viewed as a serious
Gre                          TARGET    IRAN



threat to Israeli security. Many in Israel talked of an Israeli preemptive
strike on Iraqi, but were pressured by the United States to stand down
so as to do nothing that could be detrimental to the Arab-heavy
coalition being assembled in Saudi Arabia to confront Iraq. On
January 13, a U.S. delegation led by Assistant Secretary of State
Lawrence Eagleburger, went so far as to guarantee that after the
second day of military action against Iraq, no Iraqi missiles would ever
impact on Israeli soil.
   This lack of American attention took on considerable political
consequence when, in January 1991, Iraq fired SCUD missiles from
western Iraq into Israeli cities following the initiation of military
action on the part of a U.S.-led coalition designed to liberate Kuwait.
In the early morning hours of January 17, the Israeli seaport of Haifa
was struck, in rapid succession,    by three Iraqi SCUD     missiles. Two
missiles impacted in the sea off the city proper, exploding on contact
with the water. The third missile struck a shopping mall under
construction, located near the checkpoint for the northern entrance
to Haifa. Fortunately, the shopping mall was empty, most people had
left their apartments for bomb shelters, and there were no casualties.
    Shortly after the missile attack in Haifa, five more SCUD missiles
struck Tel Aviv. The first missile exploded in the air over the suburb
of Afeka, spreading debris over the trajectory flight path. The second
missile struck a civilian factory structure in Azur, destroying that
building. The third missile impacted in the Ezra quarter of Tel Aviv,
completely destroying seventy-six housing apartments, and damaging
nearly 1,000 more. It was this missile which caused most of the
damage and all of the casualties in this first wave of missile attacks,
wounding sixty-eight people, several seriously. Two more missiles fell
over Tel Aviv that morning, one crashing into an orchard in Rishon
Letzion, and the other exploding in the sky above Ganei Tikva.
    But the damage had been done. For the first time in its post-1948
history, the heartland of Israel had been struck a heavy blow by the
means of a deliberate attack by Arab military forces. Denied through
American diplomacy the traditional Israeli defensive tactic of
preemptive strike, and now facing the spectre of dozens of wounded
Israelis being rushed to hospitals amid the debris of their destroyed
or damaged homes, all eyes in Israel turned to their military for swift
and effective retribution.
                              SCOTT     RITTER                              Cf



    Amos Gilad, as the head of the Iraqi desk, stood at the center of
this controversy. Prior to the war, and blinded by a lack of precise data
in the form of U.S. intelligence, Amos         Gilad was under considerable
pressure from his leadership to predict the actions of Saddam Hus-
sein. Rejecting the disciplined approach toward analysis that Israeli
Military Intelligence had embraced since 1973, Gilad caved into the
pressure and produced his own personal assessment derived from
more from konseptsia than fact. According to Colonel Gilad, Saddam
Hussein was an irrational actor who would shower Israel with ballistic
missiles tipped with chemical and biological warheads. As such, Amos
Gilad was a vocal proponent of an Israeli preemptive attack.
    When the war started in January 1991, Colonel Gilad’s assessment
was proven to be half-correct: Iraqi SCUD missiles pounded Israel.
But the most explosive element of his warnings—that these missiles
would be topped with chemical and biological warheads—did not
come to pass. However, Gilad’s forward-leaning posture in advocating
a preemptive strike played well politically in an Israel shaken by scores
of missiles impacting its soil, and feeling impotent given its inability to
strike back.
    Shortly after the news of the Iraqi SCUD attacks on Israel reached
Washington,   D.C., Israeli Defense     Minister Moshe       Arens called U.S.
Secretary of Defense Dick Cheney. Arens expressed his dismay over
the attacks, and sternly pressed for the U.S. to make arrangements for
an Israeli counter strike. Secretary Cheney took note of the Israeli
request, and quickly placed a telephone call to the National Security
Adyvisor’s office in the west wing of the White House, where Brent
Scowcroft was sitting with Vice President Quayle, Secretary of State
Baker, Deputy Secretary of State Eagleburger, Robert Gates, the
Deputy   National   Security Advisor,    and     Richard   Haas,   the National
Security Council senior Middle East expert. Cheney outlined his
concerns that it would be difficult to stop the Israelis from retaliating,
and that Washington should not impede such action if Israel pressed
forward.
    Following this exchange, James Baker immediately placed a phone
call to the White House residence, informing President Bush of the
Israeli requests. The president urged restraint, and directed Baker to
relay this message to the Israelis. Secretary of State Baker finally was
able to make contact with Israeli Prime Minister Shamir, passing on
Be                            TARGET   IRAN



the president’s message and noting that the U.S. Coalition air forces
were even as they spoke were “going full bore,” delivering devastating
strikes against the Iraqi SCUD forces in western Iraq. Baker acknowl-
edged Israel’s right for military retaliation,-but stated that such action
by Israel at this point in time would only aid Iraq politically, and
threaten the coalition of Western and Arab forces that President Bush
had assembled for the war. Shamir reiterated his concern over the
situation, telling Baker that “Israel has never failed to respond.” But
for the moment the sword of Zion had been stayed.
    Not all in Israel took such a position. There was a large faction
within the Israeli government that favored active military retaliation
against Iraq. This was prominently displayed at a meeting of the
Ministerial Committee on National Security held on January 18, in
which Shamir—while forestalling any immediate retaliatory actions—
directed   the   Chief   of Staff of the   Israeli   Defense   Forces,   Dan
Shomron, to draw up detailed plans for military action against Iraq
should the SCUD attacks continue. Even more foreboding was the
fact that the Israeli nuclear-tipped Jericho missile force was placed on
full alert for only the third time in its history. Shamir called James
Baker and informed him that the Israeli cabinet was leaning toward
an immediate response to the Iraqi missile attacks against Tel Aviv
and Haifa. Baker urged restraint, noting that the fallout of any such
Israeli action would be disastrous for both Israel and the coalition.
    At the same time as Baker was speaking to Shamir, Secretary
Cheney was taking a call from Moshe Arens. Mr. Arens pressed on
Cheney his point of how seriously Israel regarded the turn of events.
Arens detailed the Israeli plan for destroying and/or disrupting the
Iraqi capability to launch its SCUD missiles which had been drawn up
by Dan Shamron and General Avi Bin-Nun. (The plan had actually
been in place since mid-summer 1990, and was constantly updated by
the IDF Chief of Staff to reflect available Israeli assets and the current
situation involving coalition forces.) The plan was a modification of a
long-standing IDF contingency to conduct pre-emptive and interdic-
tion strikes against Iraqi ground and air forces staged in or moving
through western Iraq in time of actual or pending conflict.
    Even as Mr. Arens spoke, twelve Israeli aircraft were being sent
airborne, assuming what amounted to a large defensive combat air
patrol. Based on the types of armament onboard (precision-guided
                                SCOTT    RITTER                           2S



bombs, anti-radiation rockets, etc.), it was obvious, however, that this
defensive posture could shift to an offensive one at a moments notice.
Israeli commando forces had already been assembled in the Negev
desert, where they were rehearsing their attacks against Iraqi SCUD
missiles.   The   entire   operation   would   take several   days, Mr. Arens
stated, and was scheduled to begin on January 19 with an initial strike
by 100 Israeli warplanes. While he patiently listened to the Israeli
counter strike proposal, Cheney in the end remained firm, indicating
that the U.S. would do nothing to facilitate any Israeli attack against
Iraq, and continued to press home the absolute requirement for
Israeli restraint.
    Both Baker and Cheney ended their respective phone calls
unsure what the Israeli reaction would be. During this moment of
uncertainty, the Iraqis struck yet again. Early on the morning of Jan-
uary 19, four more Iraqi missiles slammed into Israel, hitting the Tel
Aviv area. One struck the Tikva quarter, near a bomb shelter, where
it left a sizeable crater and damaged buildings in the surrounding
area. A second impacted at the exhibition gardens, near the Ayalon
freeway junction. Again, the explosion left a large crater, but as this
was an unpopulated region, the damage was negligible. The third
missile impact had the greatest potential for causing a catastrophe,
impacting in a residential area at the corner of Allenby and Yehuda
Halevi streets. This missile had disintegrated in mid-air, separating
the warhead from the missile body. The warhead penetrated into a
residential apartment complex, but miraculously failed to explode.
Had   it done     so, the casualties would     have been considerable.    The
fourth and final missile of the morning landed at Rishon Letzion,
north of Nahalat Yehuda. The explosion of the warhead set off a fire
at a nearby gas station, which burned dramatically in the early
morning darkness. In total, some 1,589 apartments were damaged, of
which forty-six were considered destroyed. Forty-seven Israelis were
wounded in this new round of attacks.
    Many within the U.S. administration believed Israel had reached
its breaking point. Under instructions from Dick Cheney, the Joint
Staff in Washington, D.C., passed on to Central Command            the details
of the Israeli plan, and initial contingencies were drafted to clear the
skies of western Iraq of coalition aircraft if Israel decided to intervene.
There was no desire for any armed confrontation with Israel,
10   e                       TARGET   IRAN



regardless of the U.S. stance against Israeli intervention. In Israel,
Prime Minister Shamir had originally scheduled a meeting of his
entire cabinet for Sunday morning, January 20, following the
Sabbath. At this meeting the cabinet was*to debate the retaliation
plans being fine-tuned by the Israeli Defense Force.
    However, the continued Iraqi missile attacks on Saturday morning
meant that this meeting had to be pushed forward, calling for an
extremely rare gathering on the morning of the Sabbath itself.
Surprisingly, Prime Minister Shamir, despite the continued Iraqi
attacks, formally announced an Israeli policy of non-retaliation, after
a lengthy and emotional debate within the Israeli inner cabinet. But
it had become obvious to the policy makers in Washington, D.C., that
the longer Iraq was able to launch its SCUD missiles toward Israel, the
more likely Israel was to enter the conflict, regardless of the
consequences. The United States was running out of time.
    The continued SCUD attacks against Israel, and the resulting
domestic pressure placed upon the Israeli military to retaliate, meant
that the threat of Israel becoming actively involved in military opera-
tions against Iraq was becoming more real. Before the initiation of
hostilities on January 16, the Ice Castle intelligence-sharing program
partly mollified Israeli concerns about Iraq, and thus prevented a pre-
emptive Israeli attack. Immediately prior to Operation Desert Storm
getting underway, when the Israeli concern over the Iraqi SCUD
threat became more focused, the Defence Intelligence Agency and
the Joint Chiefs of Staff formed a joint crisis response team that was
dispatched to Tel Aviv for the purpose of sharing operational infor-
mation and intelligence derived from and concerning the war effort,
as well as to process Israeli concerns into tangible targets for attack by
the U.S./Coalition air forces. Once hostilities began, this team sought
to alleviate the Israeli fears by keeping the Israelis informed of the
progress made by the U.S./Coalition air forces in destroying the Iraqi
SCUD threat in western Iraq. This team was reinforced early on in the
conflict by a team of imagery and area specialists who augmented the
existing liaison team and provided a direct link with the counter-
SCUD cell back at DIA Headquarters.
    By January 23, the political leaders of Israel were under significant
pressure from their civilian constituency to retaliate, and _ this
pressure was in turn applied to the IDF command. In meetings with
                              SCOTT   RITTER                           oat



U.S. crisis response team, the IDF highlighted the hair-trigger nature
of their retaliatory force, and the fact that they were under consider-
able criticism for not pulling it. The IDF command pressured the U.S.
team to provide information which highlighted the U.S. actions in
western Iraq so that they might forestall any rash, politically-motivated
action by the Israelis. In particular, the IDF requested advance knowl-
edge of targets to be struck in Iraq, (especially any suspected chemical
munitions storage bunkers), and timely assessments concerning the
effectiveness of all attacks. All of this would considerably aid the IDF
in placating Israeli political concerns that everything was being done
that could be. The U.S. crisis response team agreed to increase the
information being provided to Israel, and asked Central Command
headquarters in Riyadh to comply.
   However,     the intensity of the Israeli Defense   Force’s requests for
assistance that was felt by crisis response team in Tel Aviv was not mir-
rored by the headquarters of U.S. Central Command in Riyadh. At the
same time that the crisis response team was meeting with the IDF in
Tel Aviv, battle damage analysts at Central Command were beginning
to come to grips with the scope of the failure of the U.S./Coalition air
strikes against the Iraqi SCUD missiles. In a blunt assessment the
point was made that, despite the considerable amount of effort being
placed on locating and destroying the Iraqi SCUD missiles in western
Iraq, on the eve of an urgent Israeli request for information and data
needed to prevent a spreading of the conflict, the United States had
very little of substance to report. In a politically motivated decision,
the United States decided to exaggerate its success in hunting down
Iraqi SCUDs in an effort to continue holding Israel at bay. All the
while, Iraqi missiles continued to rain down on Israeli cities.
   The Israelis did not miss the American      deception, and as a result
the Israeli military was preparing for action. Israelis complained bit-
terly to the American team in Tel Aviv that the U.S./Coalition strikes
had been ineffective. The Israelis believed the U.S. target list used in
western Iraq to be totally inadequate. The same vote of confidence
was given to the U.S. approach to target prioritization. The Israeli Air
Force had developed a comprehensive list of 180 SCUD-related
targets which    they felt should   be attacked.   These   targets, in their
opinion, were being overlooked by the U.S./Coalition                mission
planners, hence the continued SCUD attacks against Israel.
Urs   ©                             TARGET        IRAN



    Despite all of Israel’s concerns about how the counterSCUD
campaign was being executed by the U.S./Coalition forces, the time
for the implementation of any large-scale Israeli air-ground thrust
into western Iraq was past. While the Israeli Air Force continued to
make        noise concerning the target selection of the allied aircraft, it
was by this time quite evident that Israel was in no position to either
match the number of sorties being generated over western Iraq, or to
complain about the accuracy of the munitions being delivered.
   The ongoing attacks on Israel by Iraqi SCUD missiles, which
continued unabated up until the end of hostilities in late February
1991, only served to deepen the sense of impotence and betrayal that
abounded in Tel Aviv. Israel had bought into the arguments of the
United States that American military power would serve to safeguard
Israel, and then stood back and did nothing when                    these American
promises turned out to be false. Furthermore, Israel carefully moni-
tored the deceptive nature of American diplomacy regarding the
Iraqi missile threat, biting its tongue while the United States delivered
poor      quality   (and often-times      deliberately     deceptive)     intelligence
information about the Iraqi threat and the American response.
   A clear indicator of this newfound Israeli independence took
place in the form of an Israeli aerial reconnaissance mission flown
over western Iraq in October 1991. This mission had originally been
intended to be flown in late February 1991, at the height of the Iraqi
missile assault on Israeli cities. Israeli intelligence personnel had
developed information that Iraq had deployed chemical weapons to
bunkers in western Iraq (U.N. weapons inspectors later confirmed
this to be true). The Israelis were anxious to determine whether or
not their repeated requests that these bunkers be bombed were
being acted on by the United States was being acted on. It turned
out the Israeli requests were being ignored. In an effort to both
assist the U.S. and assuage their own concerns, the Israelis
requested up to date satellite imagery from the United States so that
they could evaluate with their own eyes what the status was con-
cerning the chemical bunkers.
      The     United   States,   in an   effort    to forestall   any   Israeli   attack,
provided imagery dating back to November 1990, claiming it was
from February 1991. The Israelis were quick to detect the lie (which
was explained away by the United States as a genuine mistake). In
                                     SCOTT    RITTER                                  Or   hee}



anger, the head of the Israeli Air Force ordered a pair of Israeli F-15
fighters, equipped with cameras, to fly over western Iraq and take
their own pictures. The date of the mission was scheduled to be
February 28, the same day the cease-fire was announced. The Israeli
reconnaissance flight stood down, but not for long. In October 1991,
angered by the refusal of the United States to share U-2 imagery of
Iraq taken under the auspices of the United Nations weapons inspec-
tion process, Israel launched the two F-15 fighters, flying over western
Iraq (and taking pictures of the targets they were interested in) at the
same time a large U.N. weapons inspection team was operating on the
ground. The message was unmistakable: Israel will trust no one again
when it comes to matters concerning its national security interest.
    The 1991 Gulf War was a traumatic event for Israel, deeply scarring
that nation and branding the Israeli leadership with the reality that, at
the end of the day, Israel could only rely upon itself when it came to
defending its perceived national security interests. America remained
a Close ally, but one that had proven at the end of the day could not
be relied up when left to its own devises. Not only would Israel
redouble its efforts to create and maintain truly unilateral defense
capabilities, but also in those situations where the use of powerful
proxies    like   the   United       States   was    unavoidable,     Israel    became
determined that it would stack the deck in its own favor, engaging in
activities in the United States, directly and through the very powerful
and influential pro-Israeli lobby, that can only be described as
outright espionage and interference in the domestic politics of a sov-
ereign state. This stance dominated Israeli relations with the United
States throughout the decade of the 1990s, influencing not only
American policy but also, in an odd-sort of blow-back phenomena that
will be demonstrated, corrupting the very independent character that
Israel sought to develop to begin with. And Amos Gilad would be at
the center of it all.

When the war ended, Colonel Gilad’s political star was on the rise,
and he was reassigned as the assistant to the Military Secretary to
Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir. In 1993 Gilad stayed on in this role,
when Yitzhak Rabin became Prime Minister and Danny Yatom was his
Military   Secretary.    In   this    role,   Amos     Gilad   was   thrust    into        the
complex world of Israeli-Palestinian relations, travelling to Tunis for
14   e                                TARGET    IRAN



secret meetings with Yassar Arafat, and participating in the
Washington, D.C.-based negotiations with the Palestinians during the
build-up to the Oslo Accords. Politics suited Gilad’s post-Desert Storm
persona, where “gut feelings” concerning the Palestinian intentions
often outweighed cold, professional analysis.
    Gilad had become a hard-liner on the issue of Palestinian
reliability, and argued vociferously against Israel agreeing to the Oslo
Accords. Given the political sensitivity surrounding Israeli—Palestinian
relations, the Israeli leadership thought it better to have the hard-
liner Amos Gilad explaining policy, as opposed to negotiating it, and
in June 1994 he was appointed as the Spokesperson for the IDF, a
highly public role that was at odds with the acerbic, opinionated
Gilad. Amos Gilad did not enjoy his time as the IDF Spokesperson,
but his hard-line stance caught the attention of those in higher office,
and by 1996 General Gilad returned once again to the ranks of the
Aman,      this   time   as   Chief    of the   Intelligence   Research   Division,
responsible for the preparation of all national intelligence estimates.
   The one-time holder of the Iraq file now found himself
responsible for assessing every aspect of Israel’s national security. Iraq
was still a major issue, but in the years since the 1991 Gulf War much
had happened to alter the intelligence picture on that country and
the threat it posed to Israel. Under the leadership of Ya’acov Ami
Dror, Amos Gilad’s predecessor at the Intelligence Research Division,
Israel had reached out in unprecedented fashion to its long-time
nemesis,     the United       Nations, and forged unprecedented           close ties
with the United Nations Special Commission, the inspection body
responsible for overseeing the disarmament of Iraq’s weapons of mass
destruction. Similar close ties were established between Israel and the
International Atomic Energy Agency regarding the Iraqi nuclear
program. As a result, Israel was able to improve its intelligence
picture regarding Iraq to the point that it possessed as clear an under-
standing of the threat—or in this case, the lack of threat—posed by
Saddam Hussein’s Iraq.
    A clear example of just how influential the U.N.-Israeli
cooperation on Iraq was came in October 1994 when a visit to Israel
by U.N. weapons inspectors coincided with a precipitous move by
Iraqi forces toward the border with Kuwait, invoking memories of the
1990 invasion. The            Israeli government       was on high alert, and a
                             SCOTT    RITTER                             al



decision needed to be made as to whether or not gas masks would be
distributed to the general population in anticipation ofa replay of the
Iraqi missile attacks of 1991. General Uri Saguy, the Director of
Military Intelligence, and Ya’acov Ami Dror were called by the office
of the Prime Minister for consultation of the matter. A decision was
needed in short order. While Ya’acoy Ami Dror had provided General
Saguy with the assessment    of his division regarding the Iraqi threat,
Saguy decided to take advantage of the presence of the U.N. weapons
inspectors to ask about their assessment as to whether or not Iraq
possessed a missile threat to Israel. The answer was clear—the Iraqi
missile capability had been eliminated, the only issue remaining being
a final verifiable accounting of what happened       to a few missiles, as
opposed to the search for a hidden operational capability. Israel was
under not threat. Apparently the assessment of the U.N. inspectors
coincided with that of Ya’acov Ami Dror, and the decision was taken
not to issue the gas masks.
   Under the leadership of Ya’acov Ami Dror, Israeli Military Intelli-
gence was able to assemble a sound assessment of Iraqi capabilities
and intentions. Using a post-1973 system known as the Control Office
(or as the Israelis refer to it in tongue-in-cheek fashion, the official
“doubting Thomas”), all assessments were subjected to a rigorous
quality control process by a Colonel who reported directly to the
Director of Military Intelligence. No assessments were allowed to go to
the desk of the Aman Director until they had been subjected to this
screening. The Control Office questioned every conclusion, sought
sources for every fact quoted, and in general made sure that the
process behind any given assessment remained true to time-tested
professional intelligence standards.
   Ami Dror also appointed a veteran Israeli intelligence Colonel to
take on the role of “becoming Saddam,” so that every word or action
of the Iraqi dictator could be evaluated not only from the perspective
of Israeli security, but also the mind-set and intent of the Iraqi leader.
In this manner,    Saddam    became   viewed   as a “rational   actor”        not
prone to “suicidal gestures.” While the Israeli’s never bought into the
notion of Saddam giving up his dream of possessing weapons of mass
destruction, they did view him as a problem that was easily contained.
Post-1991 decisions by the Israeli leadership to remove Saddam
Hussein from power, which had manifested themselves in the form of
16   ¢                          TARGET   IRAN



Israeli commando teams trained and equipped to carry out assassina-
tions, were put on hold because of this new approach.
   This new Israeli assessment of Saddam dropped him from the
number-one threat facing Israel in 1994, to number six by 1998. The
Israelis viewed Saddam     as the evil they knew, and as such felt that as
long as he was contained by U.N. weapons inspections, they would
rather live with him in power than confront the great unknown of a
post-Saddam Iraq governed by unknown and unpredictable forces.
   The security picture confronting Israel when Amos Gilad took over
the position of Director for Research and Analysis was far more com-
plicated than simply facing down a Middle East tyrant. The problem
of immediate concern was the ongoing quagmire of the Israeli
occupation of southern Lebanon, and Israel’s complicated relation-
ship with the Palestinians following the signing of the 1993 Oslo
Accord, a relationship exacerbated by a string of particularly deadly
terrorist   bombings   inside   Israel in early 1996.   In April   1996,   the
Israeli military launched its largest operation in Lebanon since 1993,
Operation Grapes of Wrath, designed to punish the pro-Iranian
militia, Hezbollah, for firing rockets into northern Israel. The two-
week attack proved to be inconclusive from a military standpoint, and
a disaster for Israel from an international relations perspective. More
than 500,000 Lebanese were displaced from their homes because of
the fighting, and harsh Israeli tactics were brought into sharp focus
when an artillery barrage fell on the Palestinian refugee camp of
Qana, killing more than 100 civilians. Hezbollah, far from being
defeated, reinforced its position in Lebanon as the one power willing,
and able, to stand up to Israeli aggression.
    In May 1996 Israel went to the polls in an election that was widely
viewed as a public referendum of the Israeli—Palestinian peace process.
The right-wing Likud Party, headed by Benjamin Netanyahu, defeated
the Labor government headed by Shimon Peres. Given Peres’ role in
advocating a more lenient Israeli posture vis-a-vis the Palestinians, the
election of Netanyahu was seen as a rejection by Israel of the current
status quo concerning the tenuous peace arrangements. In September
1996, while tensions simmered       in Lebanon,   relations with the Pales-
tinians exploded when the new Netanyahu government opened up the
controversial Hasmonean Tunnel, an ongoing archeological excavation
some Muslims believed violated the sanctity of sites sacred to Islam.
                             SCOTT   RITTER                           Pa   ic7.



   In the wave   of anti-Israeli demonstrations   that followed,   tensions
exploded with Palestinian policemen and Israeli soldiers exchanging
heavy fire throughout the West Bank and Gaza Strip, leaving eighty-
five Palestinians and sixteen Israelis dead, and more than 1,200 Pales-
tinians and eighty-seven Israelis wounded. Under the Oslo Accord the
Palestinian Security Service (PSS) was supposed to be a lightly armed
force dedicated to maintaining order among the Palestinian people.
The September fighting imprinted in the minds of many Israeli’s
(including Amos    Gilad) a quite different perspective—that the PSS
was a well-armed fighting force that directly threatened the safety and
security of Israel.
    Within this troublesome security climate a new threat emerged,
this time from Iran. Following the collapse of the Soviet Union in
1991, Israel and the various new republics of the former Soviet Union
(especially Russia and Ukraine) worked together to bring to Israel
more than 500,000 Russian Jews. This emigration presented yet
another point of pressure on Israel, radically changing the
demographics of the Jewish state while straining an already burdened
economy. However, the opening of relations also provided a bonanza
for the Israeli intelligence service, which exploited the chaos and
uncertainty that existed within the new republics to recruit networks
of agents that dug deep into business and governmental institutions.
The Israelis viewed such work as very much being in their national
security interest, given the fact that the vast empire that once was the
Soviet Military Defense Industrial complex now lay fractured and
operating without any central control or guidance.
    The Israeli fears, and the wisdom of their decision to put in place
these intelligence networks, soon became      clear when, in 1995, word
started leaking out of Russia about nefarious dealings between
former-Soviet missile production facilities and the Islamic Republic of
Iran. The Israeli agents were reporting on visits made by Russian
scientists to an Iranian missile design center located at Karaj, 50 miles
northwest   of Tehran,   as early as 1994, and a whole    slew of similar
exchanges that had taken place since then. One aspect of this new
cooperation was particularly disturbing—the wholesale transfer by
Russian authorities of a missile production line, including airframe
and engine, for the SS-4 intermediate-range missile. The former
Soviet Union had signed a treaty with the United States in 1987 which
18   e                       TARGET   IRAN



eliminated all intermediate-range missiles in their respective arsenals,
and in 1995 the Russian government signed the Missile Technology
Control Regime     (MTCR)   agreement,    placing a ban on the exporta-
tion of specific technologies and material’ related to missile design
and production.
    The Israelis, through their networks, were able to assemble a
wide variety of damning evidence, including intercepted conversa-
tions, technical specifications, shipping documents, and financial
invoices, which proved without a doubt that there were ongoing
activities between senior Russian personnel associated with the
defense industry of the former Soviet Union and the government of
Iran. What was hard to discern was whether or not these transac-
tions had the approval of the central Russian authorities. However,
the Israelis had been tracking for some time the relationship
between Iran and North Korea concerning ballistic missile develop-
ment, and was very concerned about one program in particular—
the Shahib (“Shooting Star”)-3.
     The Iranian Shahib-3 missile, a derivative of the North Korean No-
Dong 1 missile, has a range between 900 and 1,000 miles, making it
the only Iranian missile system capable of reaching Israel. The
Iranian—North Korean cooperation in ballistic missiles traced back to
the Iran-Iraq War of the 1980s, when Iran imported around a
hundred North Korean produced SCUD-B           missiles, seventy-seven of
which were fired at Iraq during the so-called War of the Cities in 1988.
The relationship expanded,     and Iran soon    bought, in the form    of
missile kits which were later assembled at facilities in Iran, more than
400 longer-range SCUD-C missiles.
     However,   neither the SCUD-B    nor SCUD-C     gave Iran the capa-
bility of striking Israel. For this, Iran furthered its relationship with
North Korea, engaging in an extensive oil-for-missiles arrangement
that had the components of some ten No-Dong missiles in Iran by the
mid-1990s. In May 1993 an Iranian delegation was on hand in North
Korea to watch the initial operational launch of the No-Dong missile.
Impressed, Iran reportedly signed a contract for delivery of 150 of the
missiles.
     The   North   Korean   connection,   however,   was   tenuous,   and
susceptible to interdiction. What Iran really wanted was the ability to
manufacture its own No-Dong missile indigenously. The North
                                 SCOTT    RITTER                              hh)



Koreans were not amenable to a complete technology transfer
arrangement, however, so the Iranians went shopping, an excursion
which brought them to the free-for-all atmosphere of post-Soviet
defense industry.
    To Amos Gilad, the Russian-Iranian missile deal represented a vital
threat to the security of Israel. At first there was some hesitation within
the ranks of the Aman to accept the nascent Iranian missile program,
backed up with nebulous reporting about shady dealings with Russian
businessmen, as representing a threat. Israel was focused on the Pales-
tinian and Hezbollah problems. And another crisis soon emerged—
the Mossad was reporting that Syria was preparing to launch an attack
on the Golan Heights. The Mossad data was based on reporting by a
long-time Mossad    agent, Yehuda         Gil. Amos     Gilad, in evaluating the
reporting from Yehuda Gil, took the position that Syria was not, in
fact, preparing to attack, and a subsequent investigation showed that
Yehuda Gil had fabricated the totality of his reporting. In the light of
events to come, this turn of events demonstrates that Amos Gilad, for
all of his detractors, was not prone to fabricate intelligence informa-
tion. But, having ridden out one wave of hostile missile attacks in
1991, Amos Gilad was not about to stand by idly while another threat
loomed on the horizon. Despite Israel’s focus on troubles closer to
home, Amos Gilad took on the task of elevating Iran to the status of
the number one threat facing Israel.

Up until a year before the 1979 Islamic revolution that swept the Shah
of Iran   out of power,   Israel    had   long-standing     ties with Iran. The
Iranian monarchy was one of the first nations to recognize Israel as a
new state in 1948, and from         1948 to 1949, Iran worked closely with
Israel to facilitate the relocation to Israel of Iranian Jews who wanted
to live in the new Jewish state. In 1958 Israel initiated an intelligence
and military exchange program with the Shah of Iran, and that same
year, with the cooperation         of the Shah, Israel started arming and
training Kurds in northern Iraq, using bases inside Iran, in an effort
to destabilize the Iraqi government. This cooperation expanded con-
siderably in 1963, to the extent that by 1965 Israeli personnel were on
the ground in northern Iraq, training and advising the Iraqi Kurdish
rebels. The close nature of this cooperation manifested itself in June
1967   when,   at the   behest     of their   Israeli   advisers,   the   Kurds   of
20   e¢                         TARGET    IRAN



northern Iraq launched an offensive against the Iraqi Army in an
effort to tie down Iraqi forces that might have been offered up in
support of Syria, Jordan or Egypt. A similar rebellion by Iraq’s Kurds
in 1973 was timed to support Israeli military interests.
    The focal point in Iraqi Kurdistan concerning Israeli support was
Mullah Mustafa Barzani, who secretly visited Israel in 1967 and again
in 1973 to cement        the relationship. After 1973, the Israeli-Kurdish
relationship was expanded to incorporate the CIA, which sent liaison
officers to northern Iraq to coordinate the flow of material support
coming out of Iran. This tri-cooperation came to a halt in 1975,
however, when the United States brokered a peace agreement
between Iran and Iraq. Part of the agreement had Iran suspending all
aid shipments to the Iraqi Kurds in the north of Iraq, in effect ending
the Kurdish revolt.
    The 1970s brought a period of difficulty between Iran and Israel,
with Iran providing material support to Egypt during the Yom Kippur
War, and then in 1975 voting in the United Nations on a resolution
equating Zionism with racism. However, both nations were able to nay-
igate these troubled diplomatic waters, and by 1977 Iran was involved
in a multi-billion dollar weapons deal with Israel. These deals were
abruptly halted in 1979 with the overthrow of the Shah. However, the
demise of the Shah left Israel with an outstanding debt of over $5
billion owed Iran. Israel was able to leverage some of this debt off
by continuing to ship weapons to Iran in exchange for the emigration
of several thousand Iranian Jews anxious to escape the religious
fanatics of the new Islamic Republic in Iran. But soon this contact
ended, and the matter of the debt remained.
     Even after the 1975 peace agreement between Iran and Iraq, the
Israeli intelligence service continued to maintain close ties with Iraqi
Kurds loyal to Mustafa Barzani, relations which expanded during the
time of the Iran-Iraq War. Israeli intelligence was able to create a
number of intelligence gathering networks both inside Iraq and Iran
that exploited the Kurdish populations of both countries. After the
1991 Gulf War, Israel greatly expanded its presence in northern Iraq,
using elite teams of spies drawn from the ranks of Iraqi-borne Kurds
living in Israel (Israel has a Kurdish population of around 50,000). By
1995,     this Kurdish   network   was   providing   the   Israeli   intelligence
services with a huge amount          of raw intelligence data, including
                              SCOTT   RITTER                        e   21



reporting on Iraq’s weapons of mass destruction programs. Likewise,
similar Kurdish networks operating in Iran were furnishing Israel with
important information about Iran’s security posture, including intel-
ligence about Iranian capabilities in the field of chemical, biological,
nuclear and ballistic missiles.
    However, it was at this time the Kurdish problem in Turkey began
to take on an extremely serious character. The recent public nature of
Israel’s close relations with Turkey are actually reflective of a long-
standing relationship dating back to 1958, when Israeli Prime Min-
ister Ben-Gurion signed a secret agreement with Turkish President
Menderes calling for Israeli-Turkish cooperation in the face of
growing radicalism in the Middle East, as well as countering what the
agreement termed as “Soviet influence.” The military coup in Ankara
of 1960 put a chill on the nascent Israeli-Turkish relationship. How-
ever, by 1964 Israeli-Turkish relations were back on track when Prime
Minister Eshkol of Israel and Prime Minister Inonu of Turkey met in
Paris and revived the dormant 1958 agreement. Inherent in this
agreement was the matter of intelligence cooperation. The first public
manifestation   of this new relationship occurred in 1974, when    Israel
provided intelligence in support of Turkey’s invasion of Cyprus. When
the United States cut off the sale of military equipment to Turkey in
response, Israel stepped in, and in 1975 signed an agreement with
Turkey for the sale of Israeli-manufactured air-to-air missiles, along
with other military material.
    In order to balance out its strategic relationship with Turkey and
its intelligence exploitation of the Kurds, the Israelis reached a com-
promise where Turkey would turn a blind eye toward Israel’s support
of Kurds in Iraq and Iran in exchange for Israel’s assistance in
clamping down on the Kurdish rebellion in Turkey. Specifically,
Israel aided and abetted Turkey in its apprehension of the leader of
the Turkish Kurdish movement, Abdullah Ocalan, using its consider-
able communications intercept and tracking capabilities to gather
intelligence which was then passed on to Turkish authorities, who
subsequently apprehended the Kurdish rebel leader in Kenya in Feb-
ruary 1999.
   These   intelligence   tentacles into Iran were   extremely important
for Israel, especially given the fact that the relations between the two
nations had become increasingly violent. Israel’s invasion of Lebanon
22e                           TARGET   IRAN



in 1982 opened the door for the dispatch of Iranian Revolutionary
Guards to that country to fight back against the Israeli aggression,
thus creating a situation that exists to this day. The Iranians became
the primary supporters of the radical Lebanese Islamic group
Hezbollah, and Lebanon became a nation targeted by Iran for the
exportation of Islamic revolution.
    The Iranians didn’t keep their struggle against Israel limited to the
Lebanon front. In July 1994 there occurred the horrific bombing of
the Jewish community center in Buenos Aires, Argentina, that left
some 100 people dead and 250 wounded. Israeli intelligence was able
to link the bombing to an August 1993 meeting of the Iranian Supreme
Council for National Security at which the decision to go ahead with
the bombing was made. The actual assignment was given to an Overseas
operational unit belonging to Hezbollah, with Iranian intelligence
providing assistance. Israel’s Kurdish connection, according to some
sources, played an important role in enabling Israel to put together
the pieces of the intelligence puzzle leading to Iran.
    But these same sources also allowed Israeli intelligence to paint a
much more complex picture of Iranian attitudes toward Israel.
Through    business   links   established     in   the   1980s,   when   Israel
facilitated the ill-fated arms for hostages deal that was part of the
larger Iran—Contra scandal that plagued the Reagan administration,
Israel continued to ship weapons to Iran, first as an effort to help tip
the balance in favor of Iran during the Iran-Iraq War, and later to
establish and maintain contacts within Iran, governmental and other,
which could prove to be useful.
   These sources reported on the possibility of a moderation of the
Iranian hard-line view against Israel, and that the Iranian focus was
increasingly looking inward, toward solving a myriad of domestic
problems (the economy being first and foremost). By 1995 Israeli
Military Intelligence believed that there might be an opening to scale-
down the friction between Israel and Iran, especially if the flash point
of Lebanon could be brought under control. There was some
thought within Israeli Military Intelligence as to whether or not Israel
could leverage payment of its nearly $5 billion debt into better
relations with Iran.
    It is within this complex web of intelligence and shadow
diplomacy that Amos Gilad was forced to consider how to assess the
                             SCOTT   RITTER                         ©   23



intelligence data coming out of Russia concerning Iran’s missile pro-
gram. One of the first assessment’s Amos Gilad oversaw the creation of
was the 1996 National Threat Assessment, in which he put forward that
Israel was faced by two major threats: Palestine and Iran. Amos Gilad
held that as long as Yassar Arafat was in charge, the Palestinians could
never be seen as true partners in peace, the 1995 Oslo-2 agreement non-
withstanding. Gilad also believed that the nature of the Iranian regime,
its fundamentalist Islamic posture, and vehemently anti-Israeli rhetoric
which it routinely dispensed meant that there was a fundamental
incompatibility between Israel and Iran, and that the best course of
action Israel could take would be to seek regime change in Iran. His
draft of the 1996 National Assessment reflected these concerns.
     Unfortunately for Amos Gilad, the Israeli Military establishment
did not share his views. The Control Office (i.e., doubting Thomas),
disturbed by what it saw as too much       “emotional debate” and not
enough hard analysis, insisted that that the assessment be re-written to
reflect these concerns, and in the end the 1996 National Assessment
held that while the Palestinian problem was real, Israel could look
toward a negotiated settlement as the path toward peace, even if this
meant negotiating with Yassir Arafat. The assessment also held that
while Iran was a significant threat, it was also a self-moderating threat
where the hard-liners in Iran were subjected to considerable pressures
from the Iranian population. While Amos Gilad held that Iran would
directly threaten the security of Israel by 2005, the 1996 assessment
believed that internal political dynamics would result in the demise of
the Iranian hard-liners as a political force by that same year.
    Undeterred by the weak posture taken in the 1996 National Assess-
ment, Amos Gilad brought the Iranian—Russian missile connection to
the United States in late 1996, raising it in the course of a routine
intelligence exchange liaison visit. The Americans did not take the
bait, so Amos Gilad returned in January 1997, this time with a detailed
briefing that incorporated all of the sensitive intelligence Israel had
gained from its sources in Russia and Iran. Amos Gilad confronted the
Americans with a stunning conclusion: unless something was done to
stop these transfers, Iran would in very short time be able to field a
missile force composed of these new Shahib-3 missiles, all capable of
striking Israel. The U.S. intelligence community viewed the Shahib-3
missile as a product of Iran’s relations with North Korea, and perhaps
2Zae                             TARGET   IRAN




China,     but not Russia.   In the U.S. view, Amos      Gilad’s intelligence
reflected nothing more         than the rogue activities of some      Russian
industrialists that, while a nuisance, did not constitute a real national
security issue, either for Israel or the United States.
   At this point Amos Gilad engaged the services of the pro-Israeli
lobby, the American-Israeli Public Affairs Committee, in order to
bring the battle to the United States Congress. With AIPAC operatives
working behind the scene to apply pressure to the appropriate
members, Amos Gilad appeared before the intelligence committees
of both the House of Representatives and the United States Senate,
and made Israel’s case against the Iranian-Russian connection.
    With Congress fully behind him, Amos Gilad was able to get an
audience with Vice President Gore’s National Security Advisor, Leon
Feurth, where Gilad was able to impress Feurth as to the seriousness
of the situation (at least in so far as Gilad perceived it), and the need
to press the Russians to stop the cooperation with Iran. Feurth was
able to lobby Vice President Gore sufficiently that the matter was
raised during the visit of Russian Prime Minister Viktor Cher-
nomyrdin to the United States in February 1997.
    Not surprisingly, Chernomyrdin denied any official Russian
involvement      in the matter, but promised      to look into it. However,
there was a catch: the Russians needed specifics. The United States,
through Leon Feurth, shared with Chernomyrdin what it had learned
about the Russian—Iranian connection from Amos Gilad. According
to Israeli intelligence officials, within months the sources of intelli-
gence Israel had relied upon began drying up as Russian security
forces began arresting any and all who might be privy to the data that
had been received by the United States.
       It is difficult to assess the real, versus perceived, damage to Israeli
intelligence because of Feurth’s indiscretion. At the same time that
the Israeli-Russian network was generating information about Iran,
similar reporting was forthcoming from these same sources about
Russian contacts with Iraq. The Israeli information, provided to the
United Nations weapons inspectors, proved to be impressively
accurate in every regard except context. The Israelis were able to
provide the U.N. inspectors (I headed this coordination on behalf of
the U.N.) with impressive link analysis, and dead-on specifics about
the nature of the transactions underway. The U.N. inspectors were
                             SCOTT   RITTER                          e   25



able to intercept a shipment of Russian missile guidance and control
material in Jordan before it made its way to Iraq. However, in doing
so, the inspectors discovered that far from an official Russian
government-Iraqi government scheme, the network tapped into by
the Iraqis represented the seamier side of the post-Soviet economy,
where state-owned establishments searched for new markets with little
or no official guidance or control over how they did it.
    Old equipment destined for the scrap heap, or mothballed mate-
rial long forgotten in the inventory, was now sold by enterprising
black marketers. The U.N. weapons inspectors in Iraq uncovered
documents concerning Iraqi-Russian connections which mimicked
those the Israelis were uncovering about Iran. Much of it was pie in
the sky-type activity, with grand schemes set forth on paper backed up
by little of substance. The deals with Iran progressed further than
those with Iraq, namely because in Iran there were no U.N. weapons
inspectors lurking to uncover the deal. But the basics of the overall
arrangements with Russia remained the same: shady black market
deals with no official standing.
    In order to fully understand the Israeli hysteria about the
Iranian—Russian missile cooperation, regardless of its unofficial status,
one must put it in the perspective of the Israeli concerns over Russia’s
decision to supply Iran with nuclear power reactors, an activity that
Israel deemed unacceptable and providing a mortal danger to the
security of Israel. The Russian-Iranian reactor deal dates back to the
time of the Shah of Iran, when in the mid-1970s the Iranian monarchy
decided to install a network of twenty nuclear reactors which would
supply Iran with all of its energy needs. Two such reactors, each
capable of operating at 1,300 megawatts, were to be installed at a site
in Bushehr.
   By the time of the fall of the Shah,       the Bushehr   site was at 80
percent completion.   However,   the new Islamic government deemed
nuclear power to be “un-Islamic,” and construction (being carried out
by a German company, Siemens) was halted. Iraqi aircraft bombed
the facility in 1981, destroying it. Midway through the Iran-Iraq War,
the government in Tehran had a change of mind about nuclear
power, and re-approached Germany to take on the project. Germany,
however, was pressured by the United States not to provide Iran with
nuclear reactors, but rather gas-powered generators. Iran refused the
26°                         TARGET   IRAN



German offer. Negotiations with a Spanish—-Argentinian consortium
in 1987 likewise failed to materialize. Following the collapse of the
Soviet Union, Iran approached the new cash-starved Russian govern-
ment of Boris Yeltsin, and in early 1995 signed a $800 million deal for
the Russians to provide a single 1,000 megawatt reactor at Bushehr.
This arrangement was approved by the Clinton administration.
    Almost immediately, the Israeli government balked at the deal.
The United States had for some time been playing a cat and mouse
game with the Iranians over their professed desire to acquire nuclear
technology, ostensibly for a nuclear energy program but which
Washington, D.C., and Tel Aviv believed to be part of a larger intent
to acquire nuclear weapons. Iran had visited Kazakhstan in
1992-1993, shopping for low-enriched uranium to power a reactor
(this prompted a multi-million dollar U.S. program to remove from
Kazakhstan its entire stock of enriched uranium).
   Iran had approached French and Chinese companies for the
acquisition of turn-key factories useful in the production of uranium
hexaflouride, the feedstock for enriching uranium via the centrifuge
method. The United States again pressured both the French and the
Chinese to stop such cooperation. The powerful pro-Israeli AIPAC
lobby was cut loose by the Israelis, and soon Congress, in an unprece-
dented display of just how much influence AIPAC holds over it,
pressured the Clinton administration into putting into place
stringent economic sanctions against Iran, encompassing not only
U.S. investment and trade with Iran, but any foreign companies that
did so as well.
    Clearly, the Israeli government was overreacting regarding the
developments surrounding Iran’s nuclear program in 1994-1995.
There was absolutely no evidence whatsoever that linked Iran’s efforts
to acquire nuclear technology to a nuclear weapons program. But the
Israeli position, soon mirrored by Washington, D.C., was absolute:
Iran had no logical need for a nuclear energy program, and as such
any effort in the field of nuclear activity only served as a cover for a
secret nuclear weapons program. Significantly, the Israeli “model”
concerning an Iranian covert nuclear weapons program was derived
from a similar model it had worked out concerning the possible
resumption of nuclear weapons activities in Iraq, this despite the fact
that U.N. inspectors were active in both countries, and Israeli
                            SCOTT   RITTER                             OP 27,



intelligence was maintaining an active program of liaison with the
IAEA in order to monitor the nuclear activities of both [Iraq and Iran.
    However weak the Israeli case was regarding an Iranian nuclear
weapons program might have been, the combination of Iran seeking
to obtain nuclear technology from Russia with the ongoing develop-
ments regarding the secret transfer of missile technology to Iran from
Russia created a near hysteria in Israeli military intelligence circles.
The Israeli Air Force spent much of 1996 updating its strike options
vis-a-vis Iran. In April 1995 the Israelis launched into space a geocen-
tric-orbit photographic reconnaissance satellite known as the OFEK-3.
The resolution of this satellite left much to be desired, but was good
enough for Israel to locate major facilities for targeting purposes, and
to track the air defense systems of both Iraq and Iran. OFEK-3 imagery
was used extensively to prepare target folders for possible use against
Iran. Even at the height of tensions between the United States and
Iraq in the summer of 1996, the primary focus of attention for Israeli
intelligence remained Iran and the combined threats posed by its
missile and nuclear programs.
    Amos Gilad was presented with a quandary. When assessed in
isolation, each component of the threat spectrum facing Israel could
be moderated    on the basis of fact, or in Gilad’s opinion, the lack of
fact. However, when packaged together, the threats combined into a
single package that left no doubt as to the danger Israel faced. Amos
Gilad had to assess the entire scope of the threat faced by Israel: the
increased   militancy of the Palestinian     Authority,   combined   with   a
dramatic increase in the number of terrorist attacks inside Israel, the
increased militancy of the pro-Iranian Lebanese Hezbollah party, and
the actions by Iran to acquire nuclear capability and missiles capable
of reaching Israel.
   In Amos Gilad’s mind, these factors combined in a sort of modern
konseptsia, where gut feel trumped hard fact. Gilad’s tough approach
was increasingly welcomed by the hard-line government of Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. In a system which prided itself on a
disciplined approach to intelligence analysis, Amos Gilad’s konseptsia
was heresy. But under Netanyahu, the intelligence process had
become quite politicized, and Gilad’s konseptsia won out over
objections from within the Military Intelligence branch, even when
officers senior to Amos Gilad voiced those objections.
26   e                         TARGET   IRAN



   By 1997 Amos Gilad was spearheading a bilateral intelligence
sharing operation with the United States known as the Leakage
Committee, monitoring the Israeli concerns about the transfer of
Russian   missile-related   technology to Iran. In short order, the LS:
intelligence community embraced the Israeli model of thinking, and
soon, with the assistance of extensive political lobbying on the part of
AIPAC, the U.S. Congress was pushing for the imposition of trade
sanctions on Russian companies identified by the Leakage Com-
mittee as being involved in illicit trade with Iran.
    The work of the Leakage Committee took on even greater urgency
after U.S. spy satellites detected an Iranian status test of a liquid-
fueled engine ostensibly for use in the Shahib-3 missile. The Israelis
were convinced that this test could only have been conducted with
the aid and assistance of the Russian experts in Iran. The reality was
that the engine tested was procured by Iran from North Korea, and
had nothing whatsoever to do with the Russian-Iran missile
cooperation. But facts simply no longer mattered. In the konseptsia
of Amos Gilad, everything was linked together in one master scheme
to bring harm to Israel. By early 1999 the combined impact of the
Leakage Committee intelligence cooperation and AIPAC political
pressure resulted in the Clinton administration enacting sanctions
against Russian companies identified as doing business with Iran.
    The Israelis began to seriously look at putting in place the condi-
tions under which the Iranian government might be overthrown.
Amos Gilad and his fellow officers knew that this was a task too big for
Israel to accomplish on its own. In fact, there was only one nation in
the world that was up to this task, that being the United States.
    With Amos Gilad as the guiding hand, Israeli intelligence began
feeding information to the National Council of Resistance in Iran
(NCRI) in Washington, D.C., often using what has become to be
known as the “Israeli Lobby” as an intermediary. The National Council
of Resistance in Iran was the political face of the Mujahadeen el-Khalk,
or MEK, which since 1981 had been headquartered in Iraq, serving as
a de facto arm of the Iraqi Mukhabarat, or intelligence service. The
MEK had been listed by the U.S. government as a terrorist organiza-
tion, and so de-linking the NCRI and MEK in the minds of the U.S.
public and policy makers became a key objective of the Israeli Lobby.
The Middle East Quarterly, the journal of the pro-AIPAC Middle East
                             SCOTT     RITTER                            «29



Forum, took the lead in reshaping the public face of the NCRI by
publishing a very sympathetic interview with a senior NCRI official in
September 1995.
    Under pressure from AIPAC, members of Congress began
expressing their public support for both NCRI and the removal from
power in Tehran of the regime of the Mullahs. The goal of this
process was two-fold: to imprint in the psyche of the American body
politic the notion of regime change as policy, and to find a deniable
outlet for the release of Israeli intelligence into the public eye, where
AIPAC could then begin to pressure members of Congress to take action
where the Clinton administration would not. In January 1999 NPRI
initiated this process when it gave a press conference about Iranian
progress in the field of chemical and biological weapons.
    The NCRI-MEK link was not the only outlet for regime change
being pursued by the Israelis. The contentious and complicated
nature of the Israeli-Turkish cooperation concerning the Kurds of
the Middle East was borne out again in 1998, when the government of
Iran arrested twenty-five members of the Iraqi Kurdish Democratic
Party headed   by Massud    Barzani,   the son   of Mustafa   Barzani,   and
charged them with spying both for the Israelis and Turks. And, with
the assistance of the Turkish government, Israel was able to establish
an intelligence presence in Azerbaijan, where by 1996 the Israeli
government was beaming propaganda broadcasts into the Azeri-
populated north of Iran in support of an anti-regime Azeri nationalist
movement, as well as carrying out extensive intelligence collection
operations involving both communications interception and cross-
border activity by pro-Israeli Azerbaijanis.
    Thanks to the unprecedented cooperation between Israel and the
U.N. weapon inspectors regarding Iraq, Israel no longer viewed the
regime of Saddam Hussein as representing a serious national security
threat. The Israeli national assessment of 1998 held that Iraq had
been fundamentally disarmed, and as long as U.N. weapons inspectors
remained in place, was deterred from reconstituting its past proscribed
weapons programs. But in December 1998 the U.N. weapons
inspectors in Iraq ordered out by the United States on the eve of
Operation Desert Fox, a forty-eighthour bombing campaign ostensibly
targeting Iraqi WMD sites, but in reality aimed at removing Saddam
Hussein from power. When the aerial campaign failed, Iraq refused to
30   e                       TARGET   IRAN



allow the U.N. weapons inspectors back in, citing their close ties to
the intelligence services of the United States.
    Israel, left without the excellent intelligence resources of the U.N.
inspectors, was compelled to re-evaluate its position on Iraq. Conser-
vative estimates had held that Iraq could reconstitute important
aspects of its WMD programs six to nine months after U.N. inspectors
left Iraq, and when the nine-month mark passed, Israeli intelligence
assessments began to speculate on what weapons Saddam might have,
as opposed to what they actually knew. Amos Gilad was the man
responsible for taking this hard-line position on Iraq. He never
believed the assessments that held Iraq to be leaning toward compli-
ance with its disarmament obligation. Instead, he held that Saddam
always wanted WMD, and would use the absence of inspections as an
opportunity to rebuild that which had been lost during the time of
the inspections. But even in the environment of post-inspection Iraq,
the dual problems of Iran and the Palestinians continued to domi-
nate the thinking of Amos Gilad.
    In mid-2001 Amos Gilad was picked by Prime Minister Arial
Sharon to become the IDF Coordinator of Government Activities in
the Palestinian Territories. Like Sharon, Amos Gilad distrusted Yassar
Arafat, a point of view he reiterated repeatedly and publicly, even
after his appointment. Gilad had cemented his reputation for being
able to conduct sound assessments of the Israeli—Palestinian relation-
ship, predicting that Benjamin Netanyahu would be able to reach an
agreement with Arafat at the Wye River accords in 1999, but that the
Palestinians would never abide by them. In 2000, at the Camp David
talks, Amos Gilad predicted that Barak would never get an agreement
with Arafat. Of course, both assessments take on something akin to a
self-fulfilling prophesy when assessed within the poisonous atmos-
phere of Israeli—Palestinian relations, where deception and distrust
are not limited to a single side.
    As the coordinator in the territories, Gilad oversaw some of the
most tumultuous times in Israeli—Palestinian history, including the
efforts by Israel to suppress the Al Aqsa Intifada, which erupted in
September 2000, the siege of Yassar Arafat’s headquarters in
Ramallah, to the intercept of the Karine A, a PLO ship carrying a huge
arms cache provided by Iran, and the assault on Jenin in April 2002.
During this ime, Amos Gilad’s influence on Israeli policy grew to the
                                SCOTT   RITTER                           Sit



point that he was considered one of the four most influential men sur-
rounding Ariel Sharon, part of the so-called Quartet, which advised
the Israeli Prime Minister on Israeli security policy, to the exclusion of
even the traditional intelligence channels normally available to the
Israeli leadership.
    Through his membership in the Quartet, Amos Gilad was able to
pursue his fixation on his konseptsia linking Iran and the Pales-
tinians. However much he tried to pass on this konseptsia to his
counterparts    in the United    States, he kept running into one       major
problem: Iraq. Iraq was dominating the policy formulations of the
Bush administration, to the extent that when the Israelis passed on
information garnered from their satellite surveillance of Iran to the
NCRI, which went public with the information in August 2002, there
was barely a reaction in Washington, D.C. All eyes were on Baghdad,
not Tehran.
    Quick to catch on, Ariel Sharon assigned Amos Gilad the addi-
tional duty of liaison officer to the Pentagon’s Office of Special Plans,
where he passed on for American use Israeli intelligence estimates on
Iraqi WMD activity. The actual impact of this information on U.S.
policy formulation is unknown;      the U.S. decision to invade Iraq had
been cemented by the summer of 2002. But one thing is for certain:
Amos Gilad pressed home to his U.S. counterparts the notion that the
upcoming U.S. invasion of Iraq must serve as a springboard for a
larger transformation within the Middle East, one that swept away not
only Saddam Hussein, but also anti-Israeli elements in Syria, Palestine,
and, of course, Iran.
   To cement his role as the Israeli orchestrator-in-chief when it came
to the U.S. invasion of Iraq, in December 2002 Ariel Sharon
appointed Amos Gilad to the unprecedented position of National
Commentator on the crisis with Iraq. His role was ostensibly to
explain the position of the Israeli government vis-a-vis Iraq to the
people of Israel and the rest of the world. But in every way, Gilad
became not only an apologist for the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq, but also
a cheerleader for his own konseptsia, this time linking Iraq’s looming
demise   with   that of his arch-nemesis     in Damascus,   Ramallah,    and
Tehran.
    In February 2003, on the eve of war with Iraq, Gilad went on Israeli
television, where he delivered the following public assessment: “Our
32.                              TARGET    IRAN



estimate was then, and still is, that if [Saddam] is pushed with his back
against the wall, he might take desperate measures that will ensure his
place in history, including the use of non-conventional capabilities. . . .
In general terms I will only say that we are preparing for three main
scenarios: one scenario is that Saddam Hussein will try to attack Israel
with conventional      or non-conventional        missiles; another   scenario    is
that he will try to attack with a manned or unmanned aircraft; and the
third scenario involves terrorist activity, mainly non-conventional, that
can be carried out in Israel or overseas.”
   A few days later Amos Gilad told reporters that Saddam “kept
astounding quantities of chemical weapons aimed at half the world.
He apparently also has biological weapons and is engaged in building
nuclear weapons,” a stunning statement backed up by no serious
assessment from within the Israeli military intelligence system. And,
invoking the memory of 1991, Gilad warned Israelis that the
upcoming war with Iraq might be even worse that those of the Gulf
War,   “because    this time,    unlike   during    the Gulf War,     Saddam      is
fighting for his life.” This statement directly contradicted the more
modest assessments put out by the IDF Chief of Staff, Moshe Ayalon,
who noted that he was not losing any sleep from the threat posed by
Saddam Hussein.
    Such statements are less likely to soothe the nerves of the citizens
of Israel than they would justify the hostile intent of America. Amos
Gilad, like the rest of the Israeli intelligence establishment, knew all
too well that Iraq posed a direct threat to no one, least of all Israel.
Iraq had no       ties to Al Qaeda    or Iran, as well. Indeed,       outside     of
Saddam’s disbursing payments to the families of Palestinian suicide
bombers    (an emotional        issue in terror-stricken    Israel, but on       the
strategic scale of threats, not a large one), Iraq represented the sort
of secular foundation that a nation like Israel would normally look to
counter the forces of Islamic fundamentalism, especially that coming
for Iran.
    But the die was cast, and the secular regime of Saddam Hussein was
to be no more. Amos Gilad called the American invasion of Iraq a
“miracle for Israel.” Another member of Ariel Sharon’s Quartet, the
former head of the Mossad, Efrem Halevy, predicted that the U.S.
toppling of Saddam “would create dramatic change in the Middle East
because Saddam is a leading symbol to tyrants like Arafat and others.”
                              SCOTT     RITTER                               Oc re)



    Halevy painted a utopian picture of a post-Saddam Middle East
which had a post-Yasser Arafat Palestinian leadership negotiating in
good faith with Israel, a progressive and prosperous Iraq rejoining the
family of nations, and Syria, no longer feeling a need to compete with
Iraq, loosening its ties with Iran. Iran would, in turn, be driven from
Lebanon,     accompanied      by a withdrawal         of Syrian    forces,    and
Hezbollah would disarm, leading to a lasting peace between Israel and
Lebanon. And, of course, the growing isolation of the regime of the
Mullah’s in Tehran would lead to the rise of a popular movement
among the moderate majority within Iran, who would sweep the
Islamic   fundamentalist   government     from      power,   foreswear   nuclear
weapons and all other weapons of mass destruction, and peacefully
co-exist with Israel.
    The only voice of caution came from the veteran intelligence
officer Ya’acov Ami Dror. The American plans to transform the Middle
East through its invasion of Iraq were too optimistic. The glowing
American predictions in the aftermath of the fall of Saddam, like
those of Amos Gilad and his fellow travelers in Israel, were unlikely to
come to fruition, Ami Dror warned, and as a result the failure of the
American adventure in Iraq would only exacerbate tensions between
the United States and the Muslim world, including Iran. And, by
extension, there goes the fate of Israel.


The Holocaust remains a yin-yang influence on Israel, simultaneously
pushing and pulling the Israeli state in directions that may ultimately
result in its demise.   The   Iranian   situation    represents   such a case,
where fears of the repetition of the Holocaust may very well result in
Israel unleashing forces, either directly or through proxy, that may
end with a Holocaust-type event being revisited on Israel and the Jews
who have populated its sacred soil (not to mention              the millions of
non-Jews who would be caught up in such a maelstrom). Of course,
while Israel employs many proxies in the service of its security inter-
ests, the proxy of choice, and by far the most powerful and capable of
these proxies, is the United States. While much has been made of the
hand-in-glove relationship enjoyed between             Israel and the United
States, and in particular between Israel and the current Bush admin-
istration in power in America today, the reality is much more complex
and nuanced.
B4e                            TARGET   IRAN




    The vision of the Holocaust and sympathy with Israel may in fact
drive many Americans, Jew and non-Jew alike, to act in support of
what they believe to be a mutually beneficial relationship born of
common goals and interests, but ultimately, it’s memory of the
Holocaust, and the sense of betrayal contained within that memory,
that means at the end of the day Israel truly can have a deep-seated
common interest with no one, even a compliant superpower such as
the United States. While many in the United States feel compelled to
support Israel out of a sense of moral duty and obligation, Israel in
the end does not share the same moral bond in terms of supporting
the United States. America, in the eyes of those who formulate Israeli
security policy, is but a tool to be wielded in support of the larger
Israeli interest.
      So it was with Iraq, and so it shall be with Iran. And while Israel
may desperately want to separate the Iranian issue from the ongoing
debacle that is Iraq, from the mindset of the Americans who are now
calling the shots in the Middle East, the two nations are inextricably
linked. By engaging the services of the NCRI in August 2002 to
expose the existence of secret Iranian nuclear activities, Israel helped
define the international focus of attention on Iran in purely nuclear
terms. The other issues of concern, namely Iran’s support of
Hezbollah     and radical elements within Hamas     and the PLO,   Iran’s
rabid anti-Israeli rhetoric, and Iran’s ongoing support of interna-
tional terror, were now secondary to the nuclear issue.
    Israel had unwittingly thrust its national security into the arms of
an organization that Israel had shunned for many years—the Inter-
national Atomic Energy Agency, or IAEA. Israel’s own undeclared
nuclear weapons program, and ongoing refusal to sign on to the
provisions of the non-proliferation treaty (NPT), put it naturally at
odds with the IAEA. And so it was with no small amount of irony that
Israel, a nation struggling to maintain independence in the field of
national security, found its very survival (if the reports of an Iranian
nuclear weapons program were in fact true) in the hands of IAEA
weapons inspectors, or to be more specific, the head of the IAEA, an
Egyptian named Mohammed El-Baradei.
                                 wo
                       The Inspectors


OveR THE COURSE           oF two cloud-filled days in Paris, during
February 1896, the French physicist Henri Becquerel helped change
the world, whether for better or for worse only history will tell. Carrying
out experiments related to the emission of X-rays (the discovery of
which had occurred only a few months back, on November 8, 1895, by
a German physicist named Wilhelm Roentgen), Becquerel had coated
a series of photographic plates with a phosphorescent mixture of potas-
sium uranyl sulfate, which he then exposed to sunlight and wrapped in
black paper. When developed, the photographic plates revealed an
image of the uranium crystals contained in the substance Becquerel
had used to coat the plates. Becquerel interpreted his initial findings as
evidence of the sun’s energy being absorbed by the uranium, which
then emitted X-rays.
     However, the follow-up experiments Becquerel planned were
thwarted by the cloudy skies of Paris, and Becquerel returned his
seemingly underexposed photographic plates to a drawer. A few days
later, when the plates were developed, Becquerel was stunned to discover
that the images of the uranium crystals were clear—the uranium had
emitted the radiation without an external source of energy such as the
sun. Radioactivity, or the spontaneous emission of radiation by a material,
in this case uranium, had been discovered. Becquerel went on to show
that the spontaneous release of radiation from uranium was not caused
by X-rays, but rather through the release of charged particles. However,
36   e                        TARGET    IRAN



it took another German physicist to develop a theory that would
transform Becquerel’s discovery into a force as powerful as the sun.
    In 1905 the German physicist Albert Einstein wrote a letter to a
friend, in which he exclaimed, “The relativity principle . . . demands
that the mass is a direct measure for the energy contained in bodies;
light transfers mass . . . This thought is amusing and infectious, but I
cannot possibly know whether the good Lord does not laugh at it and
has led me up the garden path.” Einstein then proceeded to develop
his special theory of relativity, one which held that the deep connec-
tion between energy and mass could be expressed in the equation
E=mc?, where E represents energy, m represents mass, and c? the
square of the speed of light.
    In 1933 Einstein’s theory was captured on film by the French
physicist couple, Irene and Francis Joliot-Curie, in an image that
showed a quantum of light, accelerated, changing into mass, two par-
ticles which rapidly moved away from one another. A year earlier, in
Cambridge, England, the British physicists John Cockcroft and E. T.
S. Walton bombarded lithium with high energy protons, transmuting
the lithium into helium and other chemical elements. The resulting
fragments had slightly less mass in total than did the original atom,
but they flew apart with great energy. This was the first occasion on
which an atomic nucleus of one element had been successfully
changed to a different nucleus by artificial means, an accomplish-
ment which became known as “splitting the atom,” and which
continues to enthrall and terrify the world today.
    The study of the atom, and more specifically the release of energy
caused by nuclear transformations such as that achieved by Cockcroft
and Watson, led to the discovery of nuclear fission, where a nucleus
splits into several smaller fragments, or fission products, which are
equal to about half of the original mass. Two or three neutrons are
also emmitted. The sum of the masses of the fission products is less
than the original mass, the “lost” mass having been converted into
energy. When neutrons released through fission produce additional
fission in at least one   additional   nucleus, which   in turn   produces
neutrons which produce fission in other nuclei, and so on and so
forth, a fission chain reaction occurs. This process can produce the
controlled release of energy, used in nuclear energy, or uncontrolled
release of energy, such as is found in nuclear weapons.
                                   SCOTT   RITTER                            ©   37



      Becquerel’s discovery of uranium as a self-emitting source of
radioactivity led to further investigations into its usefulness as a source
of fission. A particular uranium isotope, uranium-235, was found to be
a particularly      effective   material     for sustaining   a nuclear     chain
reaction.    However,    uranium-235       is rarely found    in its pure   form.
Instead, it exists in small quanities (around .07%) in natural uranium
(the remaining 99.3% is in the form of uranium-238). Uranium-235
and uranium-238 are chemically identical, but differ in their physical
properties, particularly their mass. The nucleus of the U-235 atom
contains 92 protons and 143 neutrons, giving an atomic mass of 235
units. The U-238 nucleus also has 92 protons but has 146 neutrons,
resulting in a mass of 238 units.
   The difference in mass between U-235 and U-238 allows the iso-
topes to be separated and makes it possible to increase, or enrich, the
percentage of U-235 by making use of this small mass difference. Over
the years several methodologies have been developed to accomplish
this enrichment of U-235. These methods involve a tremendous
amount of technological skill, and equally as important, energy
consumption to achieve a useful level of enrichment, which for
nuclear energy generation purposes involves U-235 enriched to
between 3.5 percent and 5 percent (low enriched uranium, or LEU),
and     for nuclear     weapons,     U-235    enriched    to over    90 percent
(although high enriched uranium, or HEU, is defined by the IAEA as
being U-235 enriched to levels greater than 20 percent).
   Naturally occurring uranium is not, in and of itself, able to be
enriched. It must first be converted into a form that facilitates enrich-
ment, either as a metal (for enrichment through the use of lasers), or
gas (for enrichment using magnetic separation, gaseous diffusion, or
enrichment through use of centrifuges). Uranium usually leaves a
mine as the concentrate of a stable oxide known as uranium trioxide
(Ug0g), at which point it is further refined, through a reaction with
hydrogen     in a kiln known        as hot pressing,     into uranium     dioxide
(UO9). The uranium          dioxide is then reacted in another kiln with
hydrogen fluoride       (HF) to form uranium         tetrafluoride   (UF4). The
tetrafluoride is reacted with gaseous fluorine to produce uranium
hexafluoride, or UF¢. Since naturally occurring uranium contains many
impurities (such as molybdenum), additional chemical processes are
required at each step of conversion              to remove    these impurities.
38   e                      TARGET   IRAN



Removal of impurities takes place at each step (an alternative “wet
process” involves making the UF4 from UQOg by a wet process, using
aqueous HF).
   Of all the enrichment processes available, two (gaseous diffusion
and centrifuge) have been found to be viable for large-scale enrich-
ment of uranium. Diffusion plants are considered simpler to operate,
but are very large operations requiring a tremendous amount of
resources. Centrifuge processes are more economical, and can be
developed at smaller stages than can gaseous diffusion plants
(around 150 stages versus 1,400). Like gaseous diffusion, centrifuge
enrichment uses uranium hexaflouride gas as its feedstock, and
makes use of the slight difference in mass between U-235 and U-238.
The gas is fed into a series of vacuum tubes, each containing a rotor
one to two meters long and 15-20 centimeters in diameter. When the
rotors are spun rapidly, up to 70,000 revolutions per minute (rpm),
the heavier U-238 molecules concentrate toward the cylinder’s outer
edge. There is a corresponding increase in concentration of the U-235
molecules at the center of the cylinder. This, of course, sounds much
easier than it is in reality. The rotors must spin with perfect balance,
operate in a vacuum, and function as part of a complex series of sim-
ilarly flawlessly functioning rotors in order to work as designed.
    This enriched gas then forms part of the feed for the next cen-
trifuge processing stage, while the depleted uranium hexaflouride
gas is removed and introduced back to the previous stage. This
process is repeated until the uranium-235 is produced at the desired
percentage level. The same enrichment process can be used to pro-
duce uranium-235 useful for energy applications (i.e., 3.7 percent)
and weapons use (i.e., more then 90 percent). Due to the high sepa-
ration factor of a modern gas centrifuge system, only a small number
of stages are required to enrich uranium to significant uranium-235
levels. The hold-up time of the material in each stage reportedly is in
the order of 10-20 seconds and, as a consequence, the total mass of
uranium   (in the form of uranium hexafluoride gas) present in the
cascade is extremely low, typically between several hundred grams
and one kilogram. As such, it does not require a large inventory of
feedstock material to obtain a noticeable rise in the level of
enrichment. Accordingly, one could achieve significant enrichment
(say from .07 percent to 1.2 percent) within an hour.
                              SCOTT   RITTER                            e   39



   Around 1970 many nations started to realize that the old methods
of enriching uranium (diffusion) were not practical for economically
sound nuclear energy programs. This was especially true in places
such as Europe, where in 1970 the governments of Germany, Belgium,
and the Netherlands formed a joint corporation for the purpose of
enriching uranium using the centrifuge method known as URENCO.
URENCO’s goals were peaceful, yet the technology it was perfecting,
if it fell into the hands of the wrong person or nation, was perfect for
producing highly enriched uranium for use in nuclear weapons.
    This overlap between the peaceful use of nuclear technology for
energy purposes, and the utility of nuclear technology for weapons
development, has always represented an Achilles heel of sorts. Presi-
dent Dwight D. Eisenhower referred to the quandary in the course of
his famous “Atoms for Peace” speech before the General Assembly of
the United Nations on December 8, 1953, where he spoke of not just
“the mere reduction or elimination of atomic materials for military
purposes. It is not enough to take this weapon out of the hands of the
soldiers. It must be put into the hands of those who will know how to
strip its military casing and adapt it to the arts of peace.” To do this,
President Eisenhower talked of devising “methods whereby this
fissionable material would be allocated to serve the peaceful pursuits
of mankind. Experts would be mobilized to apply atomic energy to
the needs of agriculture, medicine and other peaceful activities. A
special purpose would be to provide abundant electrical energy in the
power-starved areas of the world.”
    From this dream was born the International Atomic Energy
Agency (IAEA), operating under the auspices of the United Nations.
The IAEA was established in 1957. In keeping with Eisenhower’s call
for safeguarding nuclear weapons and weapons-grade fissionable
materials, the IAEA was charged with, among other tasks, the respon-
sibility of establishing and administering “safeguards designed to
ensure   that special fissionable   and other materials,   services,   equip-
ment, facilities, and information made available by the Agency or at
its request or under its supervision or control are not used in such a
way as to further any military purpose; and to apply safeguards, at the
request of the parties, to any bilateral or multilateral arrangement, or
at the request of a state, to any of that state’s activities in the field of
atomic energy.”
40   e                        TARGET    IRAN



   But the safeguards system was not good enough, at least in the
minds of the five superpowers which emerged from the ashes of the
Second World War, and all of whom         had developed in the decades
following the end of that conflict into nations possessing nuclear
weapons. The sudden jump in the number of nations desiring to gain
access to nuclear technology brought with it an increase in the
potential of nations using technology intended originally for the
peaceful use of nuclear energy instead for developing their own
nuclear weapons capability. The result of this vexing problem was the
Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), which was signed July 1, 1968 and
entered into force March 5, 1970.
     The NPT divides “parties” into two classifications: those that tested
nuclear weapons     before   1968, and those that did not. The former
states—known     as nuclear-weapon     states—are   China, France,   Russia
(then the Soviet Union), the United Kingdom, and the United States.
These states were allowed to maintain      their nuclear status, although
under the terms of the NPT they would seek to disarm gradually over
time. The latter countries joined the NPT as non-nuclear-weapon
states. In return for committing never to develop or receive nuclear
weapons, these non-nuclear weapons states were promised access to
the peaceful benefits of nuclear technology.
    All non-weapon state parties to the NPT were required to comply
with IAEA Safeguards, under Article III of the NPT Treaty, “for the
exclusive purpose of verification of the fulfillment of its obligations
assumed under this Treaty with a view to preventing diversion of
nuclear energy from peaceful uses to nuclear weapons or other
nuclear explosive devices.” However, Article IV of the NPT provided
a loophole of sorts, when it stated that “Nothing in this Treaty shall be
interpreted as affecting the inalienable right of all the Parties to the
Treaty to develop research, production and use of nuclear energy for
peaceful purposes without discrimination and in conformity with
Articles I and II of this Treaty . . . all the Parties to the Treaty
undertake to facilitate, and have the right to participate in, the fullest
possible exchange of equipment, materials and scientific and
technological information for the peaceful uses of nuclear energy.”
    Article IV has been seen by many advanced Western nations,
especially those already possessing access to nuclear enrichment tech-
nology (i.e., the nuclear fuel cycle) as being a dangerous loophole.
                             SCOTT    RITTER                              «41



While export control laws are not directly stipulated by the NPT,
Article III does oblige states not to transfer fission materials or
technologies to non-nuclear-weapons states that are not covered by
safeguards. Soon after the NPT came into force in 1970, two groups
of states formed to voluntarily restrict the export of dual-use materials.
The Zanger Committee      and the Nuclear Supply Group (NSG)              both
drew up guidelines on the kind of sensitive materials and technologies
that could be transferred across borders. Many nations, especially
those with developing economies, viewed the work of the Zanger
Committee and the NSG as violating not only the spirit, but also the
letter, of the NPT when it came      to Article IV, and moreover    that the
work of these groups are discriminatory in nature and harm their
respective economies.
   Waiting in the wings were individuals like A. Q. Khan, and nations
like Pakistan, who had no obligation to abide by the NPT           (Pakistan,
like India, had refused to sign the treaty). Throughout the 1970s, and
into the 1980s, Pakistan used the energetic brilliance of A. Q. Khan to
acquire uranium enrichment technologies such as centrifuge
cascades from places such as URENCO,           and to assemble    these cen-
trifuges into giant uranium enrichment facilities such as the one built
in Pakistan by Khan at Kahota. The world suspected that something
was going on in Pakistan, but was powerless to do anything to stop it.
In 1998 Pakistan, responding to earlier underground nuclear tests
carried out by India, conducted its own series of tests, officially
propelling it into the status of a nuclear weapon state.
    The Pakistan debacle notwithstanding, classic safeguard inspec-
tions were carried out by the IAEA in accordance with the NPT for
nearly two decades without major incident. For the most part, these
were gentleman-type arrangements, with the IAEA playing polite guest
to the inspected party. Then, in 1991, in the aftermath of the first Gulf
War, the international community came face to face with the fact that
Saddam Hussein’s Iraq had carried out a clandestine nuclear weapons
program right under the noses of the IAEA safeguard inspectors.
While the Iraq case was handled through inspections mandated by
Security Council   resolutions,   for the rest of the world      it was   now
apparent that the traditional IAEA safeguards were not sufficient. As
a result of the Iraq experience, the IAEA in 1993 sought to revise the
classic safeguards, and in its place created what was known as Program
AZe                         TARGET   IRAN




93+2, which sought to broaden the safeguards system to incorporate
inspections of undeclared sites, and increased inspection capabilities
designed to detect clandestine activities. These new capabilities
included the taking of random air and swipe samples from a wide
range of locations, and analyzing these samples for any abnormalities
that could detect undeclared activity.
    Program 93+2 was the basis for what became known as The Model
Protocol, which was approved by the Agency’s Board of Governors in
1997. The new safeguard measures became effective in each state
when it brings its protocol into force, through a process in which the
member state would sign an Additional Protocol beyond its existing
safeguards arrangement with the IAEA.
    The Model Protocol requires states to report a range of informa-
tion to the Agency about their nuclear and nuclear-related activities
and about the planned developments in their nuclear fuel cycles.
This includes expanded information about their holdings of uranium
ores and ore concentrates, of other plutonium and uranium mate-
rials not currently subject to IAEA safeguards, general information
about their manufacturing of equipment for enriching uranium or
producing plutonium, general information about their nuclear fuel
cycle-related research and development activities not involving
nuclear material, and their import and export of nuclear material
and equipment. Not all nations having safeguards agreements with
the IAEA have signed the Additional Protocol, including Israel and
Iran, two nations headed on a collision course over their respective
nuclear programs.
    Caught in the middle of the ongoing crisis over Iran’s nuclear pro-
gram is the IAEA itself, in particular the Director General of the IAEA
who is responsible for overseeing and implementing the NPT. The
man currently reaping the whirlwind of both Becquerel’s discovery of
radiation, and Einstein’s theory of relativity is a quiet Egyptian
diplomat named Mohamed El-Baradei. According to his official biog-
raphy, Mohammed El-Baradei was born in Cairo, Egypt, in 1942, the
son of a distinguished Egyptian lawyer. El-Baradei earned a Bachelor’s
degree in Law in 1962 at the University of Cairo, and a Doctorate in
International Law at the New York University School of Law in 1974.
    Dr. El-Baradei began his career in the Egyptian Diplomatic Service
in 1964, serving twice in the Permanent Missions of Egypt to the
                              SCOTT   RITTER                             °   43



United Nations in New York and Geneva, responsible for political,
legal, and arms control issues. From 1974 to 1978 he was appointed
the special assistant to the Foreign Minister of Egypt. In 1980 he left
the Egyptian Diplomatic Service to join the United Nations and
became a senior fellow in charge of the International Law Program at
the United Nations Institute for Training and Research. From             1984,
Dr. El-Baradei was a senior staff member of the IAEA Secretariat,
holding a number of high-level policy positions, including Agency’s
Legal Adviser and subsequently Assistant Director General for
External Relations. He was appointed to his post of IAEA Director
General on December 1, 1997.
    Mohammed El-Baradei took over the reigns of the IAEA during a
time of great turmoil. The situation with Iraq was very much unre-
solved. While the IAEA inspectors had succeeded in eliminating the
Iraqi nuclear program, political agendas beyond simple disarmament
were at play, with the United States seeking to overthrow Saddam Hus-
sein, and using disarmament (or at least the excuse of disarmament)
as a vehicle to achieve this objective. Similarly, the IAEA was caught up
in a power play between the United States and North Korea that had
nearly brought those two nations to war in 1994. Since then the IAEA
had been trying to carry out a series of inspection and verification
tasks, but again found its work hampered by the political maneu-
vering of both the United States and North Korea.
    Complicating even this complicated situation were the events of
September 11, 2001, and the aggressive stance taken by the United
States, and more pointedly, the administration of President George W.
Bush, in responding to the terrorist attacks against New York City and
Washington,   D.C.   The   issue   of weapons   of mass   destruction,       and
more   pointedly, nuclear proliferation, had become        a cause   célébre
for the U.S. government, and the work of the IAEA was coming under
close scrutiny in so far as it performed to a level demanded by the
United States in a post-9/11 world.
   President Bush’s evocation of the Axis of Evil in the form of Iraq,
North Korea, and Iran had been followed by a never-ending stream of
allegations emanating from these three countries about their
suspected nuclear weapons programs. Top on the list was, of course,
Iraq. The Bush administration had been beating the war drums for
some time, and by August 2002 the push for confrontation with Iraq
                           Cis
                                 ‘

44   e                               TARGET   IRAN



from within the highest levels of government in the United States was
in full gear.
    The United States Senate, on July 31, convened a hearing in front
of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee,              where     testimony about
Iraq’s weapons of mass destruction programs was taken from a
number of witnesses. Typical of the rhetoric was the testimony of Dr.
Khidir Hamza, the self-proclaimed “Saddam’s Bombmaker,” who had
defected from Iraq in 1994, and had since that time been peddling
stories about Iraq’s nuclear ambitions. Citing German intelligence
sources,   Hamza   testified that Iraq retained         more    than   ten tons   of
uranium and one ton of enriched uranium, giving Iraq enough
weapons-grade uranium to build three nuclear weapons by 2005.
    Hamza’s performance was immediately followed up by Vice Presi-
dent Dick Cheney, who in a presentation to the Veterans of Foreign
Wars on August 26, took America by surprise when he said, “We know
that Saddam has resumed his efforts to acquire nuclear weapons .. .
many of us are convinced that Saddam will acquire nuclear weapons
fairly soon.” Left unnoticed was the fact that Cheney cited as proof for
his conclusions the testimony of Saddam’s son-in-law, Hussein Kamal,
who had defected from Iraq in August 1995. The Vice President
stated that the United States had gotten its information from Hussein
Kamal, when in fact what Hussein Kamal had actually told his CIA
debriefers   (and U.N. weapons           inspectors)   was that Iraq had aban-
doned its nuclear programs back in 1991. El-Baradei knew that Hussein
Kamal had also fingered Khidir Hamza as a liar and a fraud, some-
thing also known to the senators who called Hamza before their
committee to testify in open session.
    But facts did not seem to matter much in this high-stakes game of
winning over public opinion. The IAEA knew that it had dismantled
Iraq’s nuclear weapons program by 1994, and that by 1997 it could
state with a high degree of certainty that there was no ongoing
nuclear-related activity in Iraq of any consequence. U.N. inspectors
had not operated in Iraq since their expulsion in December 1998
(under orders to leave not from Saddam                 Hussein,    but rather the
United States, who wanted the inspectors out before starting a 72-
hour bombing campaign designed to target Saddam Hussein under
the guise of going after weapons facilities). Even so, the IAEA kept a
close look at Iraq through analysis of satellite imagery, and noted
                              SCOTT    RITTER                          ©   45



nothing that would indicate that Iraq had reconstituted any aspect of
its past nuclear weapons program. However, without inspectors on the
ground, the IAEA was in no position to offer any judgment on Iraq’s
compliance, something El-Baradei had noted in his report to the
Security Council in April 2002.
     Despite the fact IAEA inspections mandated by Security Council
resolutions   had been   halted,   the IAEA was still able to conduct       its
normal safeguards inspection program as part of the NPT, and as such
was able to keep tabs on Iraq’s stocks of uranium. In fact, while
President Bush was issuing his State of the Union speech, the IAEA
had a team of inspectors in Iraq, where they carried out a verification
inspection as to the stocks of uranium stored there. These inspections
found no discrepancies, and E]-Baradei had no reason to believe the
information being put forward by Khidir Hamza and the others had
any veracity. But the political pressure brought to bear when the Vice
President of the United States openly declared Iraq to be reconsti-
tuting nuclear weapons was a completely different matter. For El-
Baradei and the IAEA, returning inspectors to Iraq was a top priority.
    Any hope for movement on that matter was soon dashed as the
Iraqis reacted to being labeled part of the Axis of Evil by President
Bush and, in February 2002, rejected any return to Iraq by inspectors
it referred to as being nothing more than spies. However, by early May
there appeared to be some hope of a breakthrough concerning Iraq,
when   El-Baradei,   together with U.N.      Secretary General   Kofi Annan
and Hans Blix, his counterpart with the United Nations Monitoring
and Verification Commission (UNMOVIC, charged with carrying out
chemical, biological, and ballistic missile inspections inside Iraq), met
in New York with Iraqi officials to discuss technical issues relating to
the work of weapons inspectors in Iraq. While inconclusive, these talks
served as the foundation for follow-up discussions held at the U.N.
offices in Vienna, Austria, in early July.
    By August the Iraqi government was inviting Hans Blix and
Mohammed EI-Baradei to Baghdad to hold technical talks about the
return of inspectors. But the Iraqis were linking any return of inspectors
with the lifting of economic sanctions that had been in place since
Iraq’s invasion of Kuwait in August 1990, and since April 1991 linked
to Iraqi compliance with its disarmament obligation. Statements by
successive U.S. presidential administrations had made it clear that the
466                            TARGET    IRAN



U.S. policy was for economic sanctions to be continued until Iraq’s
president, Saddam Hussein, was removed from power.
    This position, of course, put the U.N. weapons inspectors, including
the IAEA, in a very difficult situation. There could be no discussions
between the inspectors and Iraq that linked the return of inspectors
with the lifting of sanctions, as this was a matter for the Security
Council. And, given America’s veto on the Council, there was no
chance of sanctions being lifted in order to facilitate the return of
inspections. This stalemate, coupled with Dick Cheney’s disturbing
pronouncements regarding Iraq’s nuclear programs, caused El-
Baradei no small amount of consternation.
    But Iraq was not the only issue the IAEA was wrestling with. El-
Baradei was also concerned about developments with North Korea,
which had long been problematic in terms ofits compliance with the
NPT. The IAEA had engaged in a fitful program of enhanced
safeguards inspections in North Korea since 1994, when the Clinton
administration concluded the so-called Agreed Framework signed in
November of that year. North Korea joined the NPT in 1985, and by
1992 had agreed to submit to NPT safeguards inspections. Within
months     of starting   its work   in North    Korea,   however,   the   IAEA
detected serious discrepancies in the initial North Korean declaration
concerning plutonium production, and the results of [AEA analysis
based upon inspection samples.
    The IAEA requested access to two undeclared sites in North Korea
that, according to intelligence information made available to the
IAEA from the United States, seemed related to the storage of
nuclear waste. The IAEA wanted access to these sites, believing that
an analysis of the waste material stored there might resolve the incon-
sistencies. North Korea refused, and in response the Director General
of the IAEA, Hans Blix, invoked in February 1993 procedures for
special inspections that had been provided for in the Safeguards
Agreement. North Korea again refused the IAEA access, and in April
1993 the IAEA Board of Governors declared North Korea to be in
non-compliance with its Safeguard Agreement, and referred the
North Korean case to the U.N. Security Council. Soon thereafter,
North Korea threatened to withdraw from the NPT.
      Throughout the remainder of 1993, and into 1994, North Korea
permitted     IAEA   inspectors     to conduct    limited-scope     safeguard
                            SCOTT   RITTER                        °   47



inspections, focused on maintenance,    containment, and surveillance
activities. But such limited inspections were not enough to permit the
IAEA to certify North Korea’s peaceful use of nuclear technology and
in March 1994 the Security Council called upon North Korea to fully
cooperate with the IAEA inspectors. The crisis between North Korea
and the IAEA came to a head in May 1994, when North Korea hastily
removed the fuel from a nuclear reactor covered by the safeguards
agreement. The IAEA wanted to inspect the fuel to ensure that it was
the original load, as claimed by North Korea, and not a new fuel core,
thereby signaling that North Korea could have extracted plutonium
from the irradiated uranium fuel rods.
    The IAEA called upon North Korea to cease its activities at the
nuclear reactor, and to start fully cooperating with the inspectors. In
response, in mid-June 1994, North Korea withdrew as a member of
the IAEA, and claimed that it was no longer bound by the Safeguards
Agreement, and as such would permit no further IAEA inspections.
Speculation ran high in the United States about North Korea’s
nuclear capabilities, and with American military forces being rushed
into the region, war looked imminent. The intervention of former
President Jimmy Carter in June 1994 lowered tensions, and
subsequent negotiations between the U.S. and North Korea led to the
coming into being of the Agreed Framework, in November 1994.
    The Agreed Framework called for increased North Korean coop-
eration with the IAEA in order to resolve the outstanding technical
issues pertaining to its nuclear program, in exchange for U.S.-brokered
economic assistance, including the shipment to North Korea of light-
water nuclear reactors (which could not be used to support or sustain
a nuclear weapons program) and bunker oil for fuel. However, the
North Koreans linked the U.S. making good on its commitments with
its cooperation with the IAEA. By December 2001 there had been
seventeen technical meetings between North Korea and the IAEA,
with no agreement on how to go forward with inspections.
    This did not mean that there were no inspections taking place in
North Korea. The IAEA Safeguards Division A maintained a North
Korea unit that carried out basic monitoring inspections in North
Korea. Using a North Korean guesthouse as their base, a team of two
IAEA inspectors, operating on a two-week tour of duty, would travel to
the sites in North Korea that were under IAEA seal and camera
48   e                      TARGET   IRAN



surveillance, checking on the integrity of these operations. The usual
rate of activity was one inspection per day, with the North    Koreans
being informed of the site to be inspected the night before.
Ostensibly these inspectors could also carry out surprise inspections,
where a site would be declared and the inspectors on their way within
an hour of declaration,   but this type of inspection   had   not taken
place since the implementation of the Agreed Framework.
    Starting in early 2002 Mohammed El-Baradei and the IAEA had
been receiving disturbing reports about undeclared uranium
enrichment activities ongoing inside North Korea. The U.S. Under-
Secretary of State for Arms Control, John Bolton, in January 2002,
had publicly stated that North Korea had an undeclared nuclear
weapons program, and was in violation of the NPT. This was followed
up in February 2002 with members of Congress pressuring President
Bush to withhold delivery of materials scheduled to be shipped to
North Korea under the Agreed Framework, citing an undeclared
program carried out by North Korea to enrich uranium. E]-Baradei
and the IAEA knew nothing of such programs, and every effort to
reach out to the North Koreans to engage in discussions was rebuked.
Starting in June 2002 there were whispers within diplomatic circles at
the IAFA headquarters in Vienna about a bombshell U.S. intelligence
report which proved the existence of a North Korean uranium
enrichment program, but again nothing was forthcoming on an
official basis to El-Baradei and the IAEA.
    With the two issues of Iraq and North Korea boiling over, it came
as no surprise to most observers at the IAEA that the news of two
suspect nuclear sites in Iran, put out by a relatively unknown Iranian
opposition group, NCRI, which had been linked in the past to
terrorist activity, was greeted with little more than a shrug by the
embattled IAEA Director General. The allegations put forward by
NCRI were not unknown to the IAEA. For years, Israeli intelligence
had maintained a shadowy relationship with the IAEA, passing on
intelligence information concerning nuclear non-proliferation
activities through the Israeli Mission in Vienna (although not a
signatory to the NPT, Israel has been a member of the IAEA since
1957, and permitted IAEA safeguard inspections of Israeli nuclear
research reactors in Israel, although the Dimona nuclear weapons
facility and related nuclear reactor remained off limits). This
                                  SCOTT     RITTER                                 °   49



relationship was dramatically expanded in the mid-1990s, when Israel
provided an unprecedented level of support to the IAEA Action Team
regarding inspections in Iraq.
   Israeli    intelligence     teams    would     often    travel   to   Vienna,       and
rendezvous with IAEA personnel in hotel rooms used as impromptu
safe houses. On the issue of Iraq, the Israelis had established a similar
level of cooperation with the IAEA’s Iraq Action Team (re-named the
Iraq Nuclear Verification Office, or INVO, in 1999). The relationship
involved not only the provision by Israel to the IAEA of intelligence
information, but also placing at the disposal of the IAEA the extensive
resources of Israel’s intelligence analytical community, where the IAEA
could pose questions to selected technical experts, or have the results
of inspections or other intelligence data reviewed by the Israelis. This
relationship, controversial as it was, proved to be very fruitful for the
IAEA, and operated with the expressed permission of the Director
General      (up until December        1, 1997, Hans Blix, and after that time,
Mohammed        E]-Baradei).
   The    Israelis, according     to some       sources,   maintain      a similar rela-
tionship with the leadership of Operations Division B (responsible for
Iran, among other nations) within the Safeguards Inspection Depart-
ment, and through that office, with the Deputy Director General of
Safeguards. In 2002 the Chief of Operations Division B was the newly
appointed Finnish nuclear expert named Olli Heinonen (prior to this
appointment Heinonen had served as Chief of Operations Division A,
responsible for Asia, including North Korea). His boss, Pierre Gold-
schmidt, had served as the Deputy Director General for Safeguards
since 1999. Both men were familiar with the intelligence data Israel
was shopping around concerning undeclared nuclear enrichment
facilities operating at Natanz and Arak. However, without any formal
mechanism for using the Israeli information, there was really nothing
that could be done except to file the information away for later use.
The NCRI briefing changed all of this. However, in the context of the
Iraq and North Korea situations, the Iranian problem was not seen as
representing the most pressing issue for the IAEA.
    By September 2002 the Iraq issue was heating up considerably. As
usual, the fuel that fed the flame was political rhetoric, this time
coming from not only Dick Cheney, but also the National Security
Advisor, Condaleezza Rice. On September 8, both Cheney and Rice
Sars                     “TARGET     IRAN


took to the airwaves to promote the concept of Iraq as a nuclear
threat. Appearing on NBC’s Meet the Press, Cheney stated that
Saddam:

   “.. has been seeking to acquire . . . the kinds of tubes that are
   necessary to build a centrifuge. And the centrifuge is required
   to take low-grade uranium and enhance it into highly enriched
   uranium, which    is what you have to have in order to build a
   bomb. This is a technology he was working on back, say, before
   the Gulf War . . . we do know he’s had four years without any
   inspections at all in Iraq to develop that capability . . . we do
   know, with absolute certainty, that he is using his procurement
   system to acquire the equipment he needs in order to enrich
   uranium to build a nuclear weapon.”

   But the ultimate fear factor was raised by Condaleezza Rice, in an
interview with CNN’s Wolf Blitzer. Rice not only repeated Cheney’s
mantra about Iraqi efforts to procure aluminum tubes, but went on
to say, “We know that he has the infrastructure, nuclear scientists to
make a nuclear weapon. And we know that when            the inspectors
assessed   this after the Gulf War, he was far, far closer to a crude
nuclear device than anybody thought, maybe six months from a
crude nuclear device. The problem here is that there will always be
some uncertainty about how quickly he can acquire nuclear weapons.
But we don’t want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud.”
   Across the Atlantic, in London,   another headache was emerging
for El-Baradei. The British government, headed by Prime Minister
Tony Blair, had released its so-called dossier of intelligence
concerning Iraq’s ongoing weapons of mass destruction programs.
Included in this dossier was information concerning Iraq’s attempts
to acquire “significant quantities of uranium” from an unnamed
African country, “despite having no active civil nuclear power
program that could require it.”
   The British paper was released at the same time senior CIA
officials, including the Director, George Tenet, were   briefing select
members of Congress on Iraq’s alleged efforts to acquire aluminum
tubes useful only in centrifuge enrichment programs, as well as the
uranium “yellowcake” referred to by the British. Many senators and
                                 SCOTT    RITTER                         e   51



representatives   who attended this briefing later said it was this
information that swayed them to vote in favor of using military force
to disarm Saddam Hussein. El-Baradei needed to get to the bottom of
both of these allegations, but without inspectors on the ground in
Iraq, this was virtually impossible.
    On September 16, 2002 the Iraqi government agreed to allow U.N.
weapons inspectors, including those from the IAEA, to return to Iraq
without pre-conditions in order to resume inspection activity.
Mohammed        El-Baradei,    together with Hans Blix, met with a senior
Iraqi delegation in Vienna, Austria, at the end of September to discuss
the technical details surrounding the return of inspectors to Iraq.
However, the return of the inspectors was delayed by the insistence on
the part of the United States and Great Britain that a new framework
for the conduct of the inspections, in the form of a U.N. Security
Council resolution, be developed before the inspectors were allowed
to return. This new resolution was required, it was argued, because
Iraq had repeatedly violated the arrangements for inspections set
forth in past resolutions. Iraq, the United States said, was to be given
one last chance to come clean on its weapons.
    However, many in the Security Council, including veto-wielding
Russia, France and China, viewed the U.S.-UK bid for a new resolu-
tion as nothing more than a blank check for using military force
against Iraq. For over a month, throughout October and on into
November, the members of the Security Council haggled over the
precise wording of the proposed resolution, while the weapons
inspectors in Vienna and New York cooled their heels.
    Given the evolving situation regarding Iraq, Mohammed EI-
Baradei took this time to turn his attention to the NCRI allegations
concerning Iran. When the IAEA Board of Governors met in
September 2002, the Iranian vice president, Reza Aghazadeh, who is
also president of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran (AEOT),
visited it. Aghazadeh told the IAEA that Iran was planning to develop
a 6,000-megawatt nuclear power program over the next twenty years,
and that the program would include “all out planning, well in
advance,    in various field of nuclear      technology such    as fuel cycle,
safety and waste management.”
      During the General Conference, E]-Baradei met with Aghazadeh,
and     asked   that Iran     confirm    whether   it was   building   a large
52e                           TARGET   IRAN



underground nuclear related facility at Natanz and a heavy water pro-
duction plant at Arak, as reported by the NCRI in August. Aghazadeh
was able to provide some information on Iran’s intentions to develop
further its nuclear fuel cycle, including work at Natanz, and agreed
that the IAEA Director General, accompanied by safeguards experts,
could visit Natanz in October 2002 (heavy water production facilities,
such as the one at Arak, are not nuclear facilities under comprehen-
sive NPT safeguards agreements, and are not required to be declared
to the IAEA, nor are they subject to safeguard inspections). The
Iranian vice president promised that Iran would, during the planned
meetings, provide the [AEA with an update on Iran’s plans regarding
nuclear energy. In some respect, the NCRI gambit was working: Iran’s
nuclear program was being flushed out.
      Unfortunately   for Mohammed     El-Baradei,   it was   Iraq, not Iran,
which dominated the first half of the month of October. While the
Security Council continued to wrestle with the precise wording of a
resolution concerning the return ofinspectors, the IAEA was not only
trying to reassemble a team of experts to go back to Iraq, but also
track down and verify the source of the information concerning the
shipment of aluminum tubes and uranium yellowcake to Iraq.
However,    both E]-Baradei and the head of the INVO,          a Frenchman
named Jacques Baute, were having no luck in prying loose any details.
      Then, on October   16, El-Baradei received a new bombshell:         the
Bush administration, on the same day that the U.S. Congress voted
to authorize the use of military force against Iraq, revealed that ear-
lier that month, during the visit to North Korea by Assistant Secre-
tary of State James Kelly on October 3-5, the United States had
confronted the North Koreans about intelligence information,
dating back to 1998, which showed the North Koreans were seeking
to enrich uranium using centrifuges imported from Pakistan.
According to the United States, the North Koreans admitted that
this was, indeed, the case.
    The North Koreans had a different version of events. They said
that they told Kelly that the charges concerning a uranium
enrichment program were fabrications, but that North Korea had every
right to possess nuclear weapons if the United States violated the
Agreed Framework. The Agreed Framework required the United
States to provide the North Koreans with formal assurances that the
                             SCOTT   RITTER                            53



United States would not threaten North Korea with a nuclear attack.
According to the North Koreans, the United States had flagrantly vio-
lated this condition. Not only had President Bush cited North Korea
as being part of an Axis of Evil in his January 2002 State of the Union
Address, but the Bush administration’s classified Nuclear Posture
Review, a version of which was leaked to the press in January 2002,
listed North Korea as a country the United States should be prepared
to use nuclear weapons against.
    This flagrant violation of the Agreed Framework commitment not
to threaten North Korea with nuclear attack was exacerbated in
September 2002 when the Bush administration released a report, the
National Security Strategy of the United States, which emphasized
the new U.S. doctrine of pre-emptively attacking countries that were
developing weapons of mass destruction. This report explicitly men-
tioned North Korea. The combination of these reports, together with
the aggressive posture the Bush administration was taking concerning
regime change in Iraq, pushed the North Koreans close to the brink.
    Suddenly, there was no time for a visit to Iran. With the situation
in Iraq threatening to devolve into war and the situation in North
Korea suddenly in free-fall, Mohammed     El-Baradei and the IAEA had
their hands full. While the IAEA struggled to get more precise
information about what was going on in North Korea, the United
States unilaterally declared the 1994 Agreed Framework to be null
and void. As October    turned   into November,    the rhetoric between
Pyongyang   and Washington,      D.C., became   harsher.   At the end     of
November, the IAEA Board of Governors called upon North Korea to
accept without delay IAEA inspections of its uranium enrichment
facilities. Three days later, North Korea rejected the IAEA demand.
On   December    12, North   Korea   informed     the   IAEA   that   it was
restarting its nuclear reactor, and on December 14 told the IAEA that
the nuclear matter was between the United States and North Korea,
and that the IAEA had no role to play.
    On December 21, North Korea began cutting IAEA seals off of
surveillance cameras at the Yongbyon, and redirecting the cameras so
that they either pointed toward walls, or else were covered by cloth.
The Yongbyon facility was used for extracting plutonium from spent
uranium fuel rods. By December 26 the North Koreans began
removing spent fuel rods from their storage facilities at Yongbyang.
54    e                               TARGET    IRAN



All IAEA inspectors were expelled from North Korea the next day. On
January 10, 2003, North Korea announced that it was withdrawing
from the NPT, noting that, in response to a requirement in the NPT
that compels a member state withdrawing‘from the treaty to explain
the extraordinary circumstances compelling it to take such action, it
was “most seriously threatened by the United States.”
    The situation with Iraq wasn’t going much better for the IAEA. On
November 8, 2002 the Security Council finally agreed upon the
language for a new resolution, 1441, mandating inspections inside
Iraq. Almost immediately arguments broke out between Washington,
D.C., and London on one side, and Paris, Beijing, and Moscow on the
other, as to whether or not the resolution in and of itself provided
authorization for the use of military force should Iraq fail to comply,
or whether a second resolution would be required. The Americans
and British held that all the authorization they needed was contained
in the new resolution (although behind the scenes officials inside
Tony Blair’s government seemed less sure).
      The    French,     Russians,    and   Chinese    accused   the United     States
and Britain of negotiating in poor faith, and insisted that a second
resolution would in fact be required before any military action could
be authorized. The fact that the Security Council was debating the
authorization of military force, before Iraq had even responded to its
initial requirement to provide new information to the U.N. weapons
inspectors, did not bode well for the process. For many, war with Iraq
seemed like a foregone conclusion.
    Even as the Bush administration pushed forward aggressively for
war       with   Iraq,   its case   for war,   at least as far as   the     IAEA   was
concerned, was rapidly falling apart. In September and October 2002
the U.S. intelligence services had published a list of some twenty-five
sites in [raq which it claimed were known to currently being used by
Iraq for purposes related to weapons of mass destruction. One site in
particular,       the Al Furat gas centrifuge          manufacturing      facility, had
been singled out by the White House in early October 2002, when it
released overhead imagery showing that the Iraqis had repaired some
key buildings in the Al Furat facility between 1998 and 2002, leaving
open the possibility that Iraq was, in concert with the intelligence
information concerning aluminum tubes and yellowcake shipments,
reconstituting its nuclear weapons program. Condaleezza Rice’s
                              SCOTT   RITTER                       eWSi>



warning about a “smoking gun” coming in the form of a “mushroom
cloud” had become a mantra within the Bush administration.
    Unfortunately for the United States, the intelligence-based case it
was making against Iraq was falling apart, largely because of the work
being done by Jaques Baute and the IAEA inspectors from INVO. The
Al Furat site was but one of eight nuclear-related sites highlighted by
the United States as being of particular concern. All eight sites were
inspected, and nothing related to nuclear activity was noted. The
Iraqis submitted a detailed declaration of their nuclear program, in
accordance with the requirements of resolution 1441. While the
declaration did not answer some minor technical questions the IAEA
had about past programs, it did remain consistent with the [AEA’s
overall conclusion that Iraq’s nuclear weapons program had been
dismantled, that Iraq did not have an ongoing program, and that Iraq
was largely in compliance regarding its obligation to disarm.
    In the midst of trying to juggle the North Korea and Iraq issues,
Mohammed E]-Baradei was suddenly once again compelled to take on
the issue of Iran. The NCRI briefing from August just wouldn’t go
away. The IAEA and Iran had agreed to reschedule the visit to Natanz,
originally scheduled for October 2002, for sometime in December
2002. Given the ongoing crises with North Korea and Iraq, it was had
to pin down a precise date.
   Then,   in early December,   the IAEA received word that a private
American nuclear watchdog organization, the Institute for Science
and International Security (ISIS), headed by David Albright, a
physicist who had enjoyed a brief stint as an IAEA inspector (he
served on a single inspection mission to Iraq, in June 1996), was going
to go public with commercially-available satellite imagery of both the
Natanz and Arak facilities. Albright and a colleague had purchased
the imagery on their own, and were prepared to provide pictures to
back up the August claims of the NCRI.
    Albright was working in cooperation with CNN to get the widest
possible attention for his work when ElBaradei ordered his staff to
intervene. The IAEA tried to dissuade Albright from going public with
the pictures, saying it might make the Iranians less likely to cooperate
with the IAEA. In all actuality, El-Baradei believed that the timing was
wrong;   Iran had already agreed to a site visit to be conducted      in
December. The attention that would be brought to bear on the Iran
56   e                          TARGET    IRAN



issue brought on by the publication of the photographs of Natanz
and Arak would only be a distraction, and perhaps undermine the
IAFA’s efforts to get into Iran.
    Albright thought otherwise, and on December 12 aired the pho-
tographs and accompanying analysis on CNN. The Iranians were
aware of the CNN-ISIS program in advance, and had notified the
IAEA     that, given the irresponsible actions of the press, the visit to
Natanz would not be on for December, and suggested that instead the
trip be rescheduled for late February 2003, thus bringing El-Baradei’s
fears to fruition.
    Compounding this situation, the U.S. government immediately
went public with a response to the CNN-ISIS report. A State Depart-
ment spokesman, Richard Boucher, said during a December                13 State
Department briefing that the United States has “reached the conclu-
sion that Iran is actively working to develop nuclear-weapons capa-
bility.” Boucher discussed both the construction of the heavy water
facility at Arak and the possible uranium-enrichment facility in
Natanz.
     The   CNN-ISIS    broadcast,   and     the   U.S.   State   Department’s
responses, presented the Iranian nuclear program in an irresponsibly
hyped-up manner, something the IAEA was well aware of. While in
1992 the IAEA Board of Governors had asked all states to provide
information about the design of new nuclear facilities as soon as the
decision to construct, or to authorize construction was taken, this
decision was not binding, and while every other member state agreed
to this new provision, Iran had not. Therefore, Iran, by keeping the
construction    of the Natanz    site secret, was   not in violation    of any
aspect of its current safeguard inspection agreement with the IAEA,
nor was it in violation of the NPT, as long as it had not introduced any
nuclear material into the site. One of the verification tasks the IAEA
had set for a visit to Natanz was to confirm whether or not this was the
case. The CNN-ISIS broadcast, and U.S. State Department statement,
prejudged Iran as already having done so.
    Likewise, Iran had not signed an Additional Protocol (the so-
called 93+2 enhanced comprehensive safeguards inspections) with
the IAEA. El-Baradei had hoped to work with the Iranians, away from
the spotlight, to convince them to accept both the 1992 Board of Gov-
ernors declaration requirements, and to sign an Additional Protocol.
                                   SCOTT    RITTER                                C= )7/



Now       that the matter    was   being aired       publicly,   El-Baradei     had   no
choice but to publicly call upon Iran, on December 16, to sign an
Additional Protocol with the IAEA so as to remove any ambiguity
there might exist about Iran’s nuclear programs.

Almost immediately Iran expressed its dismay at the comments by the
U.S. State Department. The Iranian vice president and head of the
AEOI, Mr. Aqazadeh, replied on December 17, 2002 that Iran rejected
U.S. accusations that it was attempting to acquire weapons. Aqazadeh
went on to say that this was a matter for the IAEA, not the United
States.    The   next   day, December       18, Iran’s     president,   Mohammad
Khatami, likewise rejected U.S. allegations that Iran was developing a
nuclear-weapons capability. Khatami reiterated Iran’s peaceful intent,
noting that “Iran is working under the supervision of the Interna-
tional Atomic Energy Agency, and Iran is a signatory to the [Nuclear]
Nonproliferation Treaty and does not seek nuclear arms.”
   January 2003 brought no respite for the embattled IAEA Director
General. North Korea’s decision to withdraw from the NPT and to
move aggressively forward toward the manufacture of nuclear
weapons took the world by storm. The American rush toward war with
Iraq was likewise dominating the international scene, with the IAEA at
the center of the storm. On January 26, El-Baradei and his UNMOVIC
colleague, Hans Blix, reported to the Security Council that the inspec-
tion process in Iraq, although not perfect, was yielding results, and
that the inspectors needed more time to finish their tasks. The next
day, January 27, El-Baradei appeared before the U.S. Senate, where he
discussed the issues of North Korea and Iraq, and informed the senators
that he was planning to travel to Iran in February to discuss the issue
of the two nuclear facilities that the NCRI had brought to the world’s
attention the past August.
    Sources close to the IAEA claim that the Israeli-IAEA interaction
had increased considerably in the period between August 2002 and
February 2003. Both the Deputy Director General for Safeguards,
Pierre Goldschmidt, and the Chief of Operations Division B (respon-
sible for the Iranian       file in the IAEA),         Olli Heinonen,      had been
meeting,      with   the   permission      of Mohammed           ElI-Baradei,    Israeli
intelligence personnel. In these meetings a great deal of information
was shared by the Israelis concerning the specifics of both the Natanz
58    e                             TARGET   IRAN
                                                                        .
                                                                            a   -


and Arak operations. The Israelis pressed the IAEA personnel on the
importance of this information, and the fact that, from the Israeli
perspective, the Iranian actions could be explained only as part of a
nuclear weapons program.                    P
   The Israelis also shared additional intelligence files with the IAEA
inspectors, files which discussed Iran’s efforts to mine uranium, and
assemble and test centrifuges used in the enrichment of uranium.
The IAEA was aware of the mining activity (Iran had declared its
mining activities to the IAEA           as far back as 1992). However,              the
information about the assembly and testing of centrifuges was new.
While the Iranians could make a case that there failure to declare the
Natanz site was not a violation of the NPT, if what the Israelis were
saying about          centrifuge   testing was   true,     and   the Iranians       had
introduced nuclear material into a centrifuge, then the Iranians had
in fact violated the NPT, a fact which changed dramatically any
interpretation about their ultimate intent regarding the overall
Iranian nuclear program.
    The Israelis shared precise information about a centrifuge test
facility located in Tehran called Ab-Ali, operating under the cover of
a watch-manufacturing company known as the Kala Electric Com-
pany. The main problem facing the IAEA was how to make use of this
information without compromising their sources. The Israelis told
them not to worry, that they would make sure that the information
was put into the public domain prior to the IAEA visit to Iran in
February.
     The IAEA was, on the issue of Iran, being squeezed between those
who       portrayed    Iran as an irresponsible          state seeking to acquire
nuclear weapons          in violation of its obligations under       the NPT, and
the Iranians themselves, who held that all they wanted was a peaceful
nuclear energy program. On February 9, a little less than three weeks
before the scheduled IAEA visit to Iran, Iran’s president, Mohammad
Khatami, made a speech in which he said the Islamic Republic of Iran
had decided to utilize advanced technology, including those related
to nuclear industry, for peaceful purposes.
    Khatami said that the Iranian government had adopted plans to
exploit its indigenous uranium mines in the Saghand region. He
stated that a facility to produce uranium oxide—or yellowcake—is
under construction near Saghand. He added that a uranium
                                     SCOTT    RITTER                             Osi)



conversion facility, which converts uranium oxide to uranium hexa-
fluoride (the feedstock for centrifuges used to enrich uranium), had
neared completion and was located close to Isfahan (this was not a
new revelation—in 2000, the Iranian government informed the IAEA
Secretariat that a plant for uranium conversion was being constructed
at Isfahan). Khatami also said that a uranium-enrichment facility, used
to   turn     uranium     hexafluouride       into   reactor-grade   fuel,   is under
construction near Kashan (also known as Natanz), and that a fuel fab-
rication plant was being built.
     “Iran    has discovered       reserves   and    extracted   uranium,”   Khatami
said. “We are determined to use nuclear technology for civilian pur-
poses . . . we assure the world that the Islamic Republic of Iran is
making use of all domestic facilities to acquire peaceful nuclear
technology and considers this its right to do.” Khatami went on to say.
“If we need to produce electricity from our nuclear power plants, we
need to complete the circle from discovering uranium to managing
remaining spent fuel. The government is determined to complete
that circle.”
     Khatami’s pronouncements sent shockwaves through Washington,
D.C.,       Richard     Boucher,     the   State     Department’s    spokesperson,
denounced        the Iranian   announcement,           stating on February    10 that
Iran’s “plans for a complete fuel cycle clearly indicate Iran’s intention
to build the infrastructure for a nuclear weapons capability.” Iran’s
stated intent to control the nuclear fuel cycle reinforced concerns in
the U.S. government (and Israel) that Iran might reprocess spent fuel
it obtains from a nuclear reactor, thus enabling Iran to extract pluto-
nium. This is what had happened in the case of North Korea. The
United States was determined to make sure it didn’t happen with Iran.
    Boucher noted that an Iranian decision to reprocess spent fuel
“directly contradicted” an agreement between Iran and Russia
concerning how nuclear fuel for the Bushehr nuclear reactor under
construction would be handled. Under that agreement, Moscow
would supply the fuel for the reactor, but Iran had to return the spent
fuel to Russia. Iran and Russia had in fact agreed to the terms of the
Bushehr fuel deal, but the agreement had not yet been signed as of
February 9.
   Boucher’s claims were exaggerated and largely unfounded.
Khatami had not made any reference to reprocessing spent fuel, and
60   e                      TARGET   IRAN



Iran’s intent to possess the complete nuclear fuel cycle did not con-
tradict its commitments with Russia concerning Bushehr, but rather
reinforced Iran’s earlier statements that it intended to build even
more nuclear energy reactors in the years to come. But politics often
trumps reality, and the State Department was busy trying to impress
upon the United States and world opinion its perceptions of the
Iranian nuclear program.                :
   On the eve of the visit to Iran by an IAEA delegation, consisting
on Mohammed      EI-Baradei, Pierre Goldschmidt, and Olli Heinonen,
the Israelis made good on their promise to release the additional
information on Iraq in a manner useable by the IAEA. In a replay of
the August 14 press conference, the NCRI again trotted out Alireza
Jafarzadeh, accompanied by Soona Samsami, the U.S. representative
of the NCRI, in a press conference in Washington, D.C.
    Jafarzadeh started the presentation with a statement drafted in Tel
Aviv: “For many years, the Iranian regime has tried to procure nuclear
weapons .. . the secret nuclear project began several years ago in
Natanz, Arak and Saghand. The Tehran regime was seeking to
acquire a nuclear arsenal by the year 2004 or 2005. “This project”
he went on to say, “has three main parts. Uranium is extracted in
Saghand. Uranium is enriched in Natanz. Heavy water is produced
in Arak.”
    Jafarzadeh went on to provide details about Natanz, Shagand,
Arak and a centrifuge assembly facility in Isfahan. In the process, he
released the following information: “Testing for centrifuge systems is
taking place at a location called Ab-Ali. The site is under the cover of
a company called Kala Electric. It has been registered as a watch-
making factory. But there are two research workshops next to it. The
Ab-Ali site has two large warehouses,   450 meters   long each, which
are used as workshops. It has also several administrative buildings.
The address in Tehran is: Kilometer 2.5, Ab-Ali highway, next to Kemi
Daroo Company. Kala Electric is located in the alley” In retrospect,
neither Jafarzadeh nor the Israelis could have predicted the impact
this tiny piece of information would have on world events.
    El-Baradei, accompanied by Goldschmidt and Heinonen, arrived
in Tehran on February 21, where they were immediately greeted by
senior members of the Iranian government, including President
Khatami, Majlis (Parliament) Speaker Mehdi Karroubi, and the
                                SCOTT   RITTER                         e611



Chairman of the Expediency Council, Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani.
The Iranians briefed the IAEA team on its plans for achieving the
complete nuclear fuel cycle, and stressed that Iran’s nuclear program
was for civil purposes only, and as such insisted that Iran had the right
under the NPT to develop them. The Iranians looked to the IAEA for
assistance in developing these capabilities, and hoped that the Iranian
transparency would result in concrete rewards.
    Furthermore, the Iranians, in keeping with their new spirit of
increasing transparency, agreed that they would, in the future, abide
by the 1992 IAEA Board of Governors request for nations to provide
the IAEA with early design information regarding any new nuclear
facilities. During these meetings, El-Baradei called on the Iranians to
also conclude an Additional Protocol (the so-called 93+2 protocol) to
its existing Safeguards Agreement, an act which would result in more
rigorous inspections, including those of undeclared facilities. The Ira-
nians indicated that they were not opposed to signing the Additional
Protocol, but that it would be discussed and signed in the course of
future negotiations.
    The IAEA team had to tread lightly. Their presence in Iran was
dictated by the provisions of the NPT, and more specifically, by the
conditions set forth in the comprehensive safeguards inspection
agreement that was currently in place between Iran and the IAEA.
Ever the diplomats, El-Baredai and his colleagues had to proceed
carefully, cognizant of their limitations. Following the initial discus-
sions between the IAEA and the senior Iranian officials, the Iranians
officially declared to El-Baredai the existence of two facilities in
Natanz as being part of a uranium enrichment program. These facili-
ties were a Pilot Fuel Enrichment Plant (PFEP), which was nearing the
end     of its construction,   and   a commercial-scale   Fuel   Enrichment
Plant (FEP), which was still under construction. The Iranians also
confirmed that they were constructing a heavy water manufacturing
plant at Arak, but that this plant was not covered either by the NPT or
the safeguards agreement. El-Baredai then requested that the
Iranians allow he and his delegation to visit the Natanz facilities.
      Before departing to Natanz, Fl-Baredai asked the Iranians for clar-
ification concerning certain nuclear materials of interest. Unbe-
knownst to the Iranians, the [AEA had prevailed upon China to
provide a full declaration of all nuclear material it had exported to
62e                             TARGET     IRAN



Iran. Armed with this information, El-Baredai now sought clarifica-
tion in the face of Iran’s newly stated intent to be totally transparent.
    Iran acknowledged that it indeed had received in 1991 several
shipments of natural uranium, which had not been reported previ-
ously to the IAEA. This uranium came in the form of uranium hexa-
fluoride   (1,000 kilograms), uranium        tetraflouride   (400 kilograms),
and uranium oxide (yellowcake, 400 kilograms). The Iranians stated
that this material was being stored at a previously undeclared facility,
the Jabr Ibn Hayan Multipurpose Laboratory (JHL), located at the
Tehran     Nuclear   Research     Center     (TNRC).    The    Iranians   also
declared that most of the uranium tetraflouride had been converted
into uranium metal back in 2000, at the JHL facility.
    El-Baradei and his IAEA delegation then asked to be taken to
Natanz, an ancient city better known in Iran for its famous pear trees
than uranium      enrichment plants. Located at the foot of Vulture
Mountain, where Darius III met his fate at the hands of the soldiers
of Alexander the Great, Natanz was a place where the past met the
present, and given the stakes at play, it was hard to say which took on
a greater significance.
      Once at Natanz, the IAEA delegation was taken to the PFEP, where
164 centrifuge casings had already been installed. The IAEA officials
were stunned at the advanced state of affairs they were witnessing.
They were also shocked to see that the centrifuges being used by Iran
appeared to be of European design, looking suspiciously like
centrifuges produced by URENCO in the 1970s. The Iranians refused
to discuss the origins of the centrifuges, except to note that they were
of Iranian manufacture.
    The PFEP also contained components for an additional 1,000 cen-
trifuges, which were scheduled to be installed by the end of 2003. The
large-scale commercial FEP was still under construction. The Iranians
told the IAEA that this facility was planned to hold over 50,000 cen-
trifuges. The FEP was not scheduled to begin receiving centrifuges
until early 2005, once the centrifuge design had been confirmed by
the planned tests scheduled to take place in the PFEP. The Iranians
informed El-Baredei that the PFEP was scheduled to begin operations
in June 2003, initially with a test of a single centrifuge, and then ona
small pilot scale level using a 10-centrifuge cascade. The IAEA officials
were stunned to hear the Iranians declare that the design and research
                                SCOTT      RITTER                            *    63



and development work, which began in 1997, was based on extensive
modeling and simulation, including rotor tests with and without inert
gas, and that these tests were carried out on the premises of the Amer
Khabir University in Tehran, and at the AEOI facility in Tehran, and
that none of these tests involved the use of nuclear material.
   At this juncture, the [AEA Director General was summoned                  back
to Vienna, where he was needed to deal with the rapidly disinte-
grating situation regarding Iraq. However, El-Baradei left behind
both Pierre Goldschmidt and Olli Heinonen to continue on with the
program of work.
   Goldschmidt and Heinonen were taken to the JHL facility, where
the Iranians provided a briefing on the disposition of the uranium
material they had received from China. The IAEA officials were shown
one large (1,000 kilogram) and two small (400 kilograms each) ura-
nium      hexafluoride   flouride   (UF)     containers,   which   the   Iranians
claimed contained the totality of the imported uranium hexaflouride.
The Iranians then described how they converted uranium
tetraflouride into uranium metal. The Iranians stated that this process
was complete, and that the equipment involved had been dismantled
and placed into containers for storage (both IAEA representatives
were shown the container in question). The Iranians told the IAEA
representatives that they were refurbishing that part of the JHL facility
for use as a uranium metal processing laboratory. The Iranians prom-
ised to make     all uranium    metal,     and all associated   waste    material,
available to the IAEA.
    The Iranians also informed the IAEA representatives that some of
the imported uranium oxide had been used by Iran in tests related to
the purification and conversion processes associated with the
uranium conversion facility. The Iranians provided the IAEA with a
technical description of how this was done, and what happened to the
materials used in these tests. The Iranians also informed the IAEA
inspectors about small amounts of uranium oxide expended in
process    tests at the Molybdenum,        Iodine, Xenon     Radioisotope        Pro-
duction facility (MIX).
   Expanding on this new-found spirit of transparency, Peter Gold-
schmidt then brought up the issue of the Kala Electric Company,
which he had been made aware of through the IAEA’s Israeli intelli-
gence connections, and which was now part of the public record
64   e                         TARGET     IRAN
                                                                 .
                                                                     P)



thanks to the NCRI briefing of February 20. The Iranians corrected
the record, stating that the proper name of the facility was the Kalaye
Electric Company, and admitted that the workshop had been used for
the production of centrifuge components. However, the Iranians
noted, at no time did the Iranians introduce nuclear material into a
centrifuge, either at Kalaye or anywhere else in Iran. All testing had
been carried out using simulation studies.
     Goldschmidt    acknowledged     that, under    the existing safeguards
agreement     between    the IAEA and Iran under      the NPT, the Kalaye
centrifuge component production facility was not a nuclear facility
subject to being declared by Iran, but, in the interest of transparency,
the IAEA would like to visit the site and take environmental samples
in an effort to verify the Iranian declaration and confirm that there
was no undeclared nuclear material, and thus nuclear activity, taking
place at the site. The Iranians turned Goldschmidt down; noting that
this represented an activity that would be covered by an Additional
Protocol,   and    as such   would   be   handled   in the   context      of the
IAEA-Iranian discussion pertaining to that issue.
    Before leaving Iran on February 26, Pierre Goldschmidt handed
over to the Iranians a paper he had prepared together with Olli
Heinonen in which the IAEA laid out a number of questions
regarding Iran’s centrifuge program. The IAEA officials were partic-
ularly interested in Iran providing a detailed chronology of all
research and development activities undertaken which related to
bringing the Iranian centrifuge into operation, especially in light of
the Iranian declarations that it had achieved this impressive accom-
plishment without introducing uranium hexaflouride gas into the
centrifuge cylinder. The IAFA officials asked for similar clarifications
from the Iranians about the processes used by Iran at its declared
large-scale uranium conversion facility, which was stated to be used for
the manufacture         of uranium   oxide, uranium     tetraflouride,      and
uranium     hexafluoride, all without testing, even on a small scale, any
nuclear material.
    The Goldschmidt—Heinonen letter also raised questions about
Iran’s laser enrichment programs and its heavy water programs.
According to one account, Goldschmidt had taken advantage of the
Iranian spirit of transparency to press them on some of the
intelligence he had received from Israel concerning laser enrich-
                             SCOTT   RITTER                         *   65



ment activities (without disclosing the source). While the Iranians
acknowledged the existence of a substantial program on lasers, they
categorically denied that any enrichment-related laser activities have
taken place. The Iranians promised a response on both matters in
the near future.
   Overall, the trip had been a success. The IAEA had been able to
gain unprecedented access to critical nuclear related sites inside Iran,
and bring these sites, and their related activities, under safeguard con-
trol. While the Iranians had not been required to declare the activities
at Natanz, they were required to have declared the importation of the
nuclear materials (defined by the IAEA as “material of a composition
and purity suitable for fuel fabrication or for being isotopically
enriched, and any nuclear material produced at a later stage in the
nuclear fuel cycle”) they had received from China in 1991, as well as
any activity which resulted in a change in the overall inventory of this
material. On the surface, this discrepancy was a very minor one, as the
total effective nuclear weight (i.e., the amount of fissile material that
could be produced using the material in question, once it was
processed and enriched) of the material involved was well under one
kilogram (anywhere from 12 to 20 kilograms of highly enriched ura-
nium are required to manufacture a nuclear weapon).
    Iran tried to explain away this discrepancy by noting that its safe-
guards agreement precluded declaring any nuclear material with an
effective nuclear weight of less than a kilogram. But the IAEA pointed
out, rightly, that all material was subject to declaration. The Iranians,
in a letter handed to Goldschmidt and Heinonen before they
departed Tehran on February 26, promised to make good on their
commitments in this regard. In their letter, the Iranians also agreed to
the modifications to the Subsidiary Arrangements proposed by the
IAEA, which now required Iran to inform the IAEA of all new nuclear
facilities and any modifications     to existing facilities by providing
preliminary design information as soon as the “decision to construct,
authorize construction, or modify has been taken”
   Upon his return to Vienna, Mohammed        E]-Baradei discovered that
the United States was moving forward aggressively toward armed
conflict with Iraq, regardless of what the facts regarding Iraqi WMD
were. This was especially true in the case of Iraq’s nuclear weapons
program, and the statements being made by the Bush administration.
66   e                           TARGET     IRAN



The IAEA had investigated the issue of aluminum tubes imported by
Iraq, and found not only were they related solely to the production of
artillery rockets,   not    nuclear-related    centrifuges,   but were     totally
incompatible for use in centrifuge-enrichment applications.
    Even worse for the Americans, Jaques Baute had finally gotten his
hands on a copy of the documents linking Iraq to the procurement
of yellowcake in Niger. Within hours these documents had been
exposed as forgeries. The entire case made by the Bush administra-
tion concerning Iraq’s nuclear weapons program had collapsed, but
it didn’t matter. Even a bold presentation by Mohammed El-Baradei
before the Security Council on March            7, 2003, in which he refuted
point by point every allegation put forward by the United States
regarding an Iraqi reconstituted nuclear weapons program, proved
futile. The IAEA was compelled by the United States to withdraw its
inspectors from Iraq on March 14. On March 16, the U.S.-led inva-
sion of Iraq began.

As disturbing as the news about the U.S. invasion of Iraq was, the
IAEA’s Director-General still had work to do. On March 17 he deliy-
ered an initial report to the [AEA Board of Governors concerning the
February 21—26 visit to Iran by the IAEA. El-Baradei had, by this time,
been able to assimilate the information that had been collected
during that initial visit, as well as a follow-up inspection in early
March. During that inspection, the IAEA representatives presented
the Iranian authorities with a safeguards approach to inspections,
which included a visit to the Natanz PFEP, where the inspectors took
a series of environmental samples.
     Under safeguard inspections, samples are collected to detect what
are known as nuclear fingerprints, which forensically reveal indica-
tors of past and present activities in locations handling nuclear mate-
rials. This process is particularly effective when dealing with facilities
involved   in uranium      conversion,    fabrication,   and enrichment.     The
environmental “dust” collected by this sampling is expected to match
the declared activities at a given site, or uncover any clandestine
production or handling of nuclear materials.
   The IAEA maintains a high-tech Safeguards Analytical Laboratory
at its Seibersdorf Lab near its headquarters in Vienna, Austria (as well
as other laboratories located around the world), which is capable of
                                 SCOTT   RITTER                                 eo.



obtaining a vast amount of information from even the smallest amount
of material contained in a sample. Working inside a highly secure and
contamination-free       Clean   Lab,    IAEA     scientists   use   a number      of
screening techniques, such as X-Ray fluorescence and gamma spec-
trometry, to evaluate samples where any plutonium or uranium can be
detected down to a pictogram, or a trillionth of a gram.
   Using special swipe kits, IAEA inspectors use cotton swabs to
collect dust samples from walls, floors, ducts, or pieces of equipment
at inspected sites. Surfaces are wiped using 10 x 10 centimeter squares
of a specially clean cotton cloth. The Seibersdorf Lab prepares
certified   clean   sampling   kits that contain      six cotton     swabs,   special
gloves, plastic bags (for storing the swab once the sample is taken),
data forms, and a pen. One kit is used per environmental sample at a
given inspection location, so that the sample can be sent to different
analytical laboratories for analysis. Similar results obtained from par-
allel sampling increases the confidence in the findings that are
obtained from this process.
    Armed with these sampling kits, the IAEA inspectors continued
with   their mission,   taking numerous         samples    at the Natanz       PFEP.
Heinonen and his team also visited the JHL facility, where they carried
out environmental sampling and were given access to the uranium
hexafluoride canisters at the JHL facility. When the canisters were
weighed, the inspectors detected that a total of 1.9 kilograms of
uranium hexafluoride was missing from both of the smaller (400 kilo-
gram) canisters. The Iranians declared that this was due to leaking
valves on these canisters.
    However, this development again highlighted the probability, in
the minds of the IAEA inspectors that the Iranians had in fact carried
outa test ofa centrifuge using actual uranium hexafluoride, as opposed
to the inert gas they had declared back in February. The inspectors
then visited the Kalaye facility, but were granted only limited access to
the site. Indeed, when the inspectors tried to gain access to one of the
large warehouse buildings the Israelis had identified as being a work-
shop, only to find the building locked, the Iranians claimed that they
had no keys to the facility. The IAEA team requested permission to
take environmental samples at the Kalaye facility, but again was turned
down by the Iranians, who claimed this was an activity that could only
take place in the context of an Additional Protocol.
68   e                       TARGET   IRAN
                                                      .
                                                          s



   Back in Vienna, the Deputy Director for Safeguards, Pierre Gold-
schmidt was receiving additional indications that the Iranians were
up to no good at Kalaye. In the rough-and-tumble world of global
non-proliferation, replete with covert weapons programs, illicit man-
ufacturing, and black-market supply networks, the Austrian capitol,
home to the IAEA headquarters, had always had a certain spy-versus-
spy atmosphere.   The embassies   of the United States, Great Britain,
Russia, and France were constantly receiving teams of diplomats who
roamed the corridors and halls of the IAEA building, conducting
hushed meetings with various staff members about nuclear activity
being conducted around the world. Embassy functions became ideal
events for the unofficial exchange of information, not just between
an interested party and the IAEA, but between the various intelli-
gence services themselves, so that the cocktail circuit of Vienna began
to resemble those of times past in Moscow, where during the height
of the Cold War spies and diplomats from around the world rubbed
elbows in an effort to pry a snippet of information from whatever
source they could.
    Given the extreme sensitivity of the work being conducted by the
IAEA, not just in Iran, but also around the world, there could be no
hint of impropriety on the part of any of its staff when it came to
protecting confidential information garnered as part of its global
activities. IAEA officials were expected to attend embassy functions,
and to socialize with diplomats, real or other, in an effort to expand
contacts and improve relations. But at no time were they permitted to
cross the boundary between what was proper, and what might be seen
as compromising their impartiality.
     But a case like Iran, as had been   the case with Iraq, created    a
quandary of sorts for the IAEA. When a nation like Iraq or Iran chooses
not to fully cooperate with the IAEA, then there is a premium placed
by the inspectors on gaining access to information that can facilitate
their investigation. While the inspection tools available to the inspec-
tors inside a country to be inspected are quite impressive, they require
the identification of a facility as being of interest, and then the guar-
antee of access to a facility so that the appropriate investigations can
be conducted. Since Iran had, by March 2003, yet to enter into the
Advanced Protocol, the IAEA lacked the authority to demand access
to Kalaye and carry out intrusive environmental sampling operations.
                             SCOTT   RITTER                         69



   While the IAEA inspection team was in Iran in early March, the
CIA was tasking U.S. satellites to take imagery of Kalaye (and other
locations) to see if any Iranian reaction to the IAEA inspection activity
could be detected. Sure enough, shortly after IAEA inspectors
departed Kalaye (and after they had been denied access to one of the
warehouse buildings believed to be used as a workshop), the satellite
images showed an increase in activity around the building in
question. This activity was assessed by the CIA as showing the Iranians
removing items from the building. Pierre Goldschmidt was made aware
of this information, as was Olli Heinonen. Both men were convinced
that the Iranians were up to no good in Kalaye. But the inherent
weakness of the IAEA safeguards regime was made painfully obvious
to both. Void of an Iranian decision to permit inspector access to
Kalaye, there was nothing the inspectors could do except to continue
to request access.
    Kalaye wasn’t the only area of concern for the IAEA inspectors.
During the IAEA inspections in March, the Iranians followed up on
their earlier declaration that most of the uranium tetraflouride that
had been imported from China had been converted into uranium
metal by describing to the IAEA inspectors some 113 experiments
conducted between 1995 and 2000, none of which had been declared
to the IAEA, even though under the terms of the NPT, such experi-
ments represented a declarable activity.
   The IAEA safeguards inspectors were kept busy in the weeks
between early April and early June 2003. A total of three inspec-
tions were   carried   out at the Natanz   PFEP, where   environmental
samples were taken and design drawings of the facility evaluated
(the Iranians provided the IAEA with a full set of drawings of the
PFEP facility in early May). In May the IAEA inspectors were again
granted access to the Kalaye facility and this were able to gain entry
into the previously locked warehouse. The inspectors noted that the
building was large enough to house a pilot-scale cascade of a few hun-
dred centrifuges, and noted with suspicion that part of the building
was walled off by a pile of boxes.
    The Iranians again refused the IAEA’s request to conduct environ-
mental sampling at the Kalaye facility. However, the Iranians did tell
the IAEA that they might be receptive to sampling at the Kalaye
facility in June, when the IAEA was dispatching a team of centrifuge
TAB)   ©                            TARGET     IRAN



enrichment specialists to follow up on technical questions pertaining
to how Iran proceeded in the field of centrifuge enrichment without
using any nuclear material in tests.
   Also in May, the Iranians informed the IAEA of their intent to
construct a 40-kilowatt heavy water nuclear reactor at Arak, and a fuel
manufacturing plant at Isfahan. Both sites would be under IAEA safe-
guard inspections.
    The events regarding the Iranian nuclear program were pro-
gressing along three primary avenues. The first, or Iranian, avenue
held that significant progress was being made, especially in light of
the fact that the IAEA-Iranian cooperation had only just begun in
June. The Iranians appeared receptive to new inspection modalities,
but were insistent that they had the right under the NPT to carry out
their work in nuclear enrichment.
       The second avenue,        that of the IAEA, was previewed during the
March 17 briefing by El-Baradei to the IAEA Board of Governors. At
that time E]-Baradei had dealt with the Iranian issue in broad terms,
but already information had leaked out about the Kalaye plant and
the stockpiles of undeclared nuclear material of Chinese origin. The
IAEA knew that it was treading on sensitive turf. Any finding that Iran
had breached its obligations under the NPT would warrant referral of
the Iran case to the U.N. Security Council. El-Baradei knew better
than       most   what   such   a transferal   could   mean;   the United   States
invaded Iraq on March 16, having used its position on the Security
Council to twist the rule of law and manipulate facts. El-Baradei
needed to be careful not to give the U.S. any opening that could be
used to carry out the same sort of manipulation that had occurred
with Iraq.
    The U.S. wanted action taken against Iran. According to the infor-
mation coming from Iran, the U.S. believed that Iran already could
be found to be in breach of its obligations under the NPT. U.S.
Ambassador Brill requested that El-Baradei make a full presentation
to the IAEA Board of Governors in June 2003 that would spell out
exactly what had been found in Iran by the IAEA, and how this
related to Iran’s compliance with the NPT. The U.S. was looking for
a referral to the Security Council, thereby opening the door for
economic sanctions to be imposed on Iran, or even the authorization
of military force to be brought to bear should Iran not comply with a
                             SCOTT   RITTER                         o   Fi



growing consensus that it cease and desist with its nuclear program as
a whole, especially those aspects related to obtaining the entire
nuclear fuel cycle.
    A preview of the diplomatic struggles that the IAEA could expect
during its June meeting of the Board of Governors was played out at
the Second Preparatory Committee (PrepCom) for the 2005 Review
Conference of the NPT Parties, which was held from April 28 to May
9, 2003 in Geneva, Switzerland. Somewhat surprisingly, North Korea’s
dramatic withdrawal from the NPT took a back seat to the growing
concern that existed in many Western nations about the scope and
sophistication of Iran’s nuclear program. The American delegation in
particular adopted a very aggressive stance, accusing the Iranians of
carrying out a program that could only be explained in the context of
a nuclear weapons program.
    The United States took the lead in arguing that Iran, as a leading
producer of oil, had no justifiable economic explanation for its
nuclear program, further reinforcing the conclusion by Washington,
D.C., that the program was a cover for nuclear weapons acquisition.
The United States joined the other nations at the PrepCom to call
upon Iran to sign an Additional Protocol with the IAEA, opening Iran
up to more intrusive inspections.
    Iran rejected the suggestions that it was pursuing nuclear weapons,
declaring that nuclear weapons had no place in Iran’s defense
doctrine. The Iranian delegation also objected to having their nuclear
program prejudged prior to the June IAEA meeting, noting that it
wanted the merits of its nuclear program to be judged free of the
“political burden of U.S.-Iranian bilateral relations.”
    The PrepCom confrontation provided the first clear indication to
many observers that the issue of Iran’s nuclear program was in danger
of being hijacked by U.S.-Iranian animosity. El-Baradei in particular
desired that the Iranian nuclear program be addressed in the frame-
work of an international issue, not simply an extension of U.S. foreign
policy objectives.
    During the PrepCom the issue of Iran’s signing an Additional
Protocol with the IAEA was also raised. Iran had committed to signing
such   a protocol,   but did not want   to do so until it had   received
assurances that existing restrictions on the supply of nuclear-related
technologies and materials imposed on Iran by the United States, the
Tima   @)                    TARGET   IRAN



United      Kingdom,   and other members     of the Nuclear   Suppliers
Group (NSG) would be lifted.
   There was a certain element of inconsistency on the part of the
position being taken by the United States ‘and the United Kingdom
regarding Iran, the Additional Protocol, and the NSG sanctions. The
United States had made the point of raising at the PrepCom the con-
ditions that signing onto the Additional Protocol be a precondition
for receiving nuclear exports, the United States insisted that Iran not
only sign such a protocol void of any assurances that such exports
would be forthcoming, but also in the face of American objections to
Iran obtaining such technology until all questions about its nuclear
program are answered.
    Given the recent history of the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq, which
used U.N. Security Council resolutions as a cover and pretext for
action, and in light of the increasingly harsh rhetoric coming from
Washington, D.C., concerning the desirability of regime change in
Tehran,     there was wide recognition within the IAEA membership
that the IAEA needed      to maintain control over this matter, but in
a manner which maintained the integrity and viability of the NPT
and IAEA.
    This was to be for El-Baradei, and the IAEA inspectors he led, the
greatest challenge.
                                Three
                    The Great Appeasers


THE CITIZENS OF THE SMALL French village of Chatellerault could
not have known that a dentist-turned-scientific advisor, working on
behalf of their one-time mayor, would be responsible for bringing
down the European Commissioner and his entire twenty-person com-
mission. The repeated visits to Chatellerault by Rene Bertholot, a close
friend   of Edith   Cresson,   a European   Commissioner   responsible   for
Research, Training, Education and Youth, were cited by a special inves-
tigatory body appointed by the European Parliament to look into
charges of corruption made against the former French Prime Minister.
Bertholot had been appointed to a position for which he seemed to
lack any professional qualifications, and had made scores of “business
trips” to Chatellerault which apparently had nothing whatsoever to do
with his mandate. The Cresson case led to the resignation on March
16, 1999 of the European       Commission   President, Jacques Santer, and
the entire twenty-person commission he headed, and thereby thrust
the European Commission, and as such the European Council which
it served.
    The resignation of Jacques Santer threw Europe into turmoil, not so
much as it was indicative of corruption at the highest levels of
government, but rather because the charges of corruption were but the
manifestation of a larger power struggle taking place within Europe
concerning the broader issues concerning the issue of political and
economic power sharing between the European Union on the one
                             4%


74.                               TARGET IRAN

hand, and established European nation states on the other. The
Cresson-Santer affair exploded on January 21, 1999, just two weeks
after arguably one of the European Union’s greatest accomplish-
ments, that being the establishment of a unified currency, the euro,
throughout most of Europe. The issue at hand stemmed from a
growing clash of wills between Santer’s European Commission and
the European Parliament over the ratification of the commission’s
budget. While the European Parliament enjoys the perks and
privileges accorded to national members of parliament, it has none of
the power. Budget ratification is normally meant to be a rubber-stamp
process, but on this occasion several members of the European
Parliament were concerned about seeming irregularities in the 160
billion Deutch Mark (the budget in question was pre-euro) spending
package presented by the Commission. When the European
Commission arrogantly rejected any criticism of its budget, and
refused to turn over any documents concerning the budget to the
E.U. Parliament, the scene was set for a confrontation.      Control over
the management of public finances of the European Commission is
one of the few tasks for which the parliament has responsibility.
    It appeared to be no accident that the escalation of the conflict
between the European Parliament and the European Commission
coincided with the introduction of the euro. The concentration of
economic power away from traditional national control mechanisms
into a singular trans-European entity was seen as a threat by certain
interested parties, especially in Germany. The forty-year-old
European Commission existed as a bloated bureaucracy, with over
20,000 employees, ostensibly subordinated to the European           Council
of Ministers, comprised of senior officials from individual European
nation   states.   For the decade     prior to the March   1999   crisis, the
primary role of the European Commission was to dispense some 120
billion Deutch Mark’s worth of agricultural and economic subsidies
to struggling economies within Europe, helping the targeted recipi-
ents meet the prerequisites for a single European market. With the
establishment of the euro, many in Europe, especially in Germany,
felt that the level of economic integration represented by the euro
could no longer be adequately represented by the antiquated
European Commission as it was currently configured. The challenge
to Jacques Santer, manifested        through the Cresson scandal, was less
                             SCOTT   RITTER                          r=)



about bringing down the European Commission than it was about
establishing the principle of the need for change, especially on the
eve of Germany taking the helm of the European Presidency. The
Germans wanted to establish a new framework for leadership within
the Union, one that increased the political influence of the European
Union by removing a unanimity requirement for voting within the
European Parliament, thereby freeing up the Parliament and
Commission to be able to take action on wide-ranging issues involving
both economic and political matters. Far from being a simple scandal,
the Santer—Cresson affair represented nothing less than a struggle for
the very future of Europe.
    Into the midst of this crisis was thrust a mild-mannered former
Italian University professor named Romano Prodi. A former Prime
Minister of Italy, Prodi had surprised many when he succeeded in
getting Italy accepted as a member of the single European currency,
an impressive feat given Italy’s many serious economic difficulties.
Now, in the midst of the greatest crisis in the history of the European
Commission, Prodi was once again called upon to do the impossible,
tasked with bringing the European Comission back on its feet, and
marching Europe back on track toward not just a common economic
policy, but foreign and defense policy as well. At first glance, the mild-
mannered, bespectacled man whose lack of popular charisma earned
him the nickname Le Mortadella, or bland sausage, seemed an odd
choice for such a daunting task. But Prodi proved himself to be a
careful manager who governed with a combination of careful over-
sight and strict fiscal discipline, two things that were lacking in the
European Commission at the time of his appointment.
    Prodi’s success in getting Italy economically qualified for inclusion
in the single European currency was matched with his skill in getting
eleven more European nations to adopt the euro as the single Euro-
pean currency by 2002. Moreover, under his leadership, the European
Union looked toward expansion, with some thirteen nations submit-
ting applications to join the Union by mid-2002. Things were going
well for Prodi and Europe. In December 2002 he felt confident enough
to address the need for a single European foreign policy during an
address in Brussels. “If we are to keep pace with this changing world
and shoulder our growing global responsibilities,” Prodi said, “we, as
the Union, have to take the necessary measures. If we want to satisfy
                               ‘

GE C                               TARGET   IRAN


the rising expectations and hopes of countries abroad and the peo-
ples of Europe, we have to become a real global player. We are only
beginning to act as one. The Balkans, Afghanistan and the Middle
East are only three examples of the challenges facing the world
community. The E.U. has to play its part in dealing with them. The
EU’s foreign policy must be brought up to speed. It must be expressed
with one voice and vested with the necessary instruments. There is no
other way to guarantee our security in the long term.”

The reality of the tenuous nature of any notion of European unity on
matters relating to defense and foreign policy came crashing down in
the face of America’s unbridled rush toward war with Iraq in 2002.
The ease in which the Bush administration was able to exploit the
fractures existent in European diplomatic circles surprised many in
Europe, especially Romano Prodi. The unpleasant dualities of the
European Union and NATO were exposed as the United States
outmaneuvered Europe repeatedly by trumping the E.U.’s ability to
pressure European unity through the promise of E.U. expansion with
America’s own ability to facilitate membership into NATO.
    The Americans made a mockery of European unity, exploiting the
political strategy of divide and conquer. When, in January 2003,
Germany and France appeared united in their opposition to the
American march toward war with Iraq, the U.S. Secretary of Defense,
Donald Rumsfeld, dismissed their stance as representative of outdated
things. “Germany       has been      a problem     and   France     has been   a
problem,”   Rumsfeld       said. “But you    look at vast numbers      of other
countries in Europe, they're not with France and Germany .     .
they’re with the U.S. You’re thinking of Europe as Germany and
France. I don’t,” he said. “I think that’s old Europe.”
   Rumsfeld went on to note that the planned eastward expansion of
NATO as far as the three Baltic republics made France and Germany,
the traditional stalwarts of European economic and political power
increasingly irrelevant. “If you look at the entire NATO Europe today,
the center of gravity is shifting to the east,” Rumsfeld said, referring
to the   1999   decision    to admit    Hungary,    Poland,   and    the   Czech
Republic into NATO. These three nations had also been approved for
membership into the EU. NATO was also aggressively moving toward
the admittance of the former Soviet Republics of Estonia, Latvia, and
                            SCOTT    RITTER                         Oh 7/



Lithuania, three nations that were also vying for E.U. membership.
Clearly, the U.S. strategy was   to use   NATO   expansion   as a tool to
counter any leverage anti-war nations such, as Germany and France,
in the European Union might have on other E.U. countries, as well as
those nations aspiring toward E.U. membership.
    In this political maneuvering the Bush administration had a close
ally in Great Britain and its pro-American Prime Minister, Tony Blair.
The question of E.U. expansion and consolidation of economic and
political power had interwoven itself into British domestic politics
over the course of many years. Ever since assuming office, Tony Blair
had adhered closely to the traditional British view of the European
Union more as representing a cooperative venture among European
countries rather than the precursor to a United States of Europe. But
Blair did envision an E.U. role that went beyond purely economic
matters, noting in a speech delivered in January 1998 that “If you look
at the way the world is developing, countries that have interests in
common are moving closer together, and not just in an economic but
in a political sense as well.” But any notion of Europe coming together
in a “political sense” over Iraq was shot down early on in the lead up
to war, when Tony Blair proclaimed that Britain was willing to pay a
“blood price” to maintain the special relationship it enjoyed with the
United States. Blair then became a co-conspirator with George W.
Bush in “fixing intelligence around policy,” actively participating in
the hyping up and falsification of intelligence to sustain the notion
that Iraq maintained WMD stockpiles and programs in violation of
Security Council resolutions.

It was Tony Blair and Britain that initiated the process of driving a
wedge between old Europe and new Europe, orchestrating an open
letter of support for the Bush administration’s stance on Iraq in
January 2003. This letter, signed by Britain, Spain, Portugal, Italy,
Denmark, Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic, sent shockwaves
through much of Europe, especially among the ranks of those who
were posturing for a unified European position on Iraq. The British
intervention was seen by many in the European Union, especially
France and Germany, as undermining Europe’s potential collective
power in influencing America’s aggressive Iraq policy. An emergency
summit was called for mid-February 2003 to discuss Iraq, with the goal
78                                 TARGET   IRAN


of defining a single European policy position on Iraq. At this summit
a unified E.U. statement was crafted which, through its language, only
proved Europe could not take a strong stance on the issue of Iraq.
    “We are committed to the United Nations remaining at the center
of the international order. We recognize that the primary responsi-
bility for dealing with Iraqi disarmament lies with the (U.N.) Security
Council,” the statement read.


     We pledge our full support to the Council in discharging its
     responsibilities. The Union’s objective for Iraq remains full
     and effective disarmament in accordance with the relevant
     United Nations Security Council resolutions, in particular
     Resolution 1441.

     We want to achieve this peacefully. It is clear that this is what
     the people of Europe want.

     War is not inevitable. Force should be used only as a last resort.
     It is for the Iraqi regime to end this crisis by complying with the
     demands of the Security Council.

     We reiterate our full support for the ongoing work of U.N.
     inspectors. They must be given the time and resources that the
     U.N. Security Council believes they need.

     However, inspections cannot continue             indefinitely   in the
     absence of full Iraqi cooperation.

     This   must   include   the   provision   of all the   additional   and
     specific information on the issues that have been raised in the
     inspectors’ reports.

     Baghdad should have no illusions: it must disarm and coop-
     erate immediately and fully. Iraq has a final opportunity to
     resolve the crisis peacefully.

     The E.U. statement on the surface exhibited a sense of European
unity and harmony. It was          a compromise that synthesized the more
                             SCOTT   RITTER                          79



hawkish position on Iraq taken by Britain, Spain, and Italy, and the
comparatively dovish position taken by France and Germany. But the
fact that the European Union had excluded from the summit any
participation by the so-called candidate countries, such as Romania
and Bulgaria, angered some, including Tony Blair, who took the
opportunity provided to have the ten excluded candidate countries
sign a letter of support for the American stance on Iraq similar to the
one Britain and others signed in January 2003. This new letter, which
directly challenged the image of European unity that was being
fostered by the summit’s joint statement, caused an explosion. France,
which together with Germany had taken the lead in opposing the U.S.
position, was withering in its criticism of the new letter, and those who
signed it. French President Jaques Chirac chastised the signatories,
noting, “These countries have been not very well behaved and rather
reckless of the danger of aligning themselves too rapidly with the
American position. It is not really responsible behavior. It is not well
brought-up behavior. They missed,” Chirac said, “a good opportunity
to keep quiet. I felt they acted frivolously because entry into the
European Union implies a minimum of understanding for the others.”
The French outburst prompted immediate retorts from the
governments of the signatory countries, and altogether created an
impression of a Europe that was fractured and weak.
   This, of course, was not the image that Romano        Prodi wanted to
foster. Prodi warned that the “total lack of a European common for-
eign policy” was a disaster in the making.
   “If Europe fails to pull together, all our nation states will disappear
from the world scene,” Prodi told the European parliament in Stras-
bourg. “Unless Europe speaks with a single voice, it will be impossible
to continue working closely with the U.S. on a longstanding basis
while retaining our dignity.”
    Romano Prodi was saddened by the decision of the candidate coun-
tries to sign the new letter because their pro-Americanism signaled they
had failed to understand that the European Union was more than a
mere economic union. “I would be lying it I said I was happy,” Prodi said.
“I have been very, very sad, but I am also patient by nature, so I hope
they will understand that sharing the future means sharing the future.”
    Romano Prodi’s vision of a European disaster became reality when
the United States, together with Britain, invaded Iraq in March 2003
BO   e                         TARGET   IRAN


absent of any authorization on the part of the Security Council of the
United Nations. Prodi’s vision of a unified Europe was under attack,
a reality he underscored in a statement he made on March 20, 2003
regarding the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq.

     This is a sad and somber day for all nations around the world.
     The onslaught of war has put paid to the international com-
     munity’s efforts to find a peaceful solution to the Iraq crisis
     within the United Nations.

     Whatever the outcome of the war, there can be no denying this
     is a bad time for the Common Foreign and Security Policy, for
     the European Union as a whole, for the authority of the U.N.,
     for NATO,    and for transatlantic relations. In war there are no
     winners, just losers.

     Today the leaders of the E.U.’s nations will meet in Brussels to
     discuss the situation. The Commission urges all Member States
     to strive to build on what we share in our approach to the con-
     flict now commencing.

     The Commission has worked hard with the Presidency of the
     Union to seek a common position and it will continue to do so.

     These difficult circumstances also show it is time to draw the
     lessons from this crisis. Europe can make an effective contri-
     bution to peace in the world only if its nations pull together
     within the European Union. We all agree that we owe our
     wealth and prosperity to the Union. It is not in our interest to
     continue relying on others when it comes to defending our
     values militarily.

As March turned into April, and April into May, Romano Prodi and
the rest of the European Union watched as American military might
made quick work of Saddam’s battered military, capturing Baghdad
and driving the Iraqi dictator into hiding. President Bush made his
triumphant landing aboard the U.S.S Abraham Lincoln, and pro-
claimed    “mission   accomplished”   in Iraq, those in Europe who had
                                SCOTT    RITTER      :                        Ce   —



supported the U.S. position suddenly found their political stock to be
sky-high, while those who had opposed the war were wallowing in a
political purgatory. For Romano Prodi, a leader striving for European
unity, purgatory was not the ideal place to be. So when, in June 2003,
Europe once again found itself on a collision course with the United
States, this time    over   the issue of Iran, Prodi       chose   to take a new
approach toward European diplomacy vis-a-vis the American super-
power, modifying the old adage, If you can’t beat them, join them.
    In fact, Prodi was not a proponent of total capitulation to the
American position on Iran. He was heartened by the May 15, 2003
statement by U.S. Secretary of State Collin Powell that the United
States was not planning to take military action to stop Iran’s nuclear
programs. Secretary Powell had said that, “We are concerned about
what Iran is doing (with its nuclear program). . . . We will work with
the international community to persuade Iran they should not move
in this direction. . . . But it’s not a matter for the armed forces of the
United States at the moment.” The phrase “at the moment” was key.
If Europe was to have any viability on the world stage as a political
force, it would need to find a way to make sure that “at the moment”
became “never.” The best route to “never” lay in walking a diplomatic
tightrope between confrontation and conciliation. Given Europe’s
weakened position in the aftermath of Iraq, this was not an easy route
to choose.
    Romano Prodi did have considerably more leverage when it can to
Iran that had been the case regarding Iraq. First and foremost, Iran
did not have comprehensive economic sanctions imposed on it by the
United Nations, and as a result Iran had been engaged in a lengthy
process of trade negotiations with the European Union that had
compelled even the fractured E.U. to develop a common approach to
dealing with Iran. The E.U.-Iran relationship took on an even more
important light in the aftermath of the election of Mr. Khatami as
Iran’s president in May 1997. Seen by Europe to be a moderate
reformer, Khatami’s presidency was seen by Europe as an opportunity
to improve Euro-Iranian relations, and in 1998 the European Union
entered into what was called a comprehensive dialogue with Iran, in
the form of semi-annual meetings. This dialogue manifested itself into
discussions   on    regional   issues,   including   the    Middle   East    peace
process,   non-proliferation    of weapons     of mass     destruction,     human
B2                           TARGET IRAN

rights and the fight against terrorism. The European Union also
explored possibilities for cooperation with Iran in the areas of
energy, trade and investment, refugees, and drugs control. After the
Iranian parliamentary elections in February 2000, a decision was
taken to develop closer relations with Iran, and in November              2000
the European Union and Iran met for the first time to discuss
economic cooperation.
   By early 2001 the European Commission was well on the path
toward developing closer relations with Iran, and was beginning to
frame what was known as a Trade and Cooperation Agreement, or
TCA. The mandate for such an agreement was adopted by the
European Council in July 2002. Building on the movement toward a
TCA, the European Union initiated discussions with Iran toward what
was known   as a Political Dialogue Agreement,        and later,     a Human
Rights Dialogue.
    Of course, Europe being Europe, something as controversial as an
E.U.-Iran dialogue could not proceed without controversy. Human
rights was a critical issue for many in Europe, and the developing E.U.
—Iran rapprochement was being disrupted by the case of a Tehran
university student   named   Ali Fakhraver,    who   had been      arrested   in
2002 for the crime of criticizing the leader of the Islamic Republic,
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. In November 2002 Fakhraver was sentenced
to eight years in prison for this “crime,” a decision many in Europe
were outraged over. The European Union decided to link improved
human rights in Iran with progress in other areas of discussion taking
place as part of the Comprehensive Dialogue meetings, including the
ongoing negotiations over the TCA.
    By the spring of 2003 the issue of human rights in Iran had eroded
some of the confidence within the European Union as to the viability
of proceeding full-speed with the Comprehensive Dialogue, espe-
cially in the context of the TCA. The war in Iraq influenced every
aspect of E.U.—U.S. relations, especially in terms of Europe’s failure
to present a unified position concerning the U.S. decision to invade
Iraq. As such, when the United States confronted Europe over Iran at
the [AEA PrepCom held in Geneva in May 2003, the Europeans
found themselves in a weakened position when it came to standing
up to the United States. The best policy posture, it was decided, was
to create a European buffer between           Iran and the United States,
                              SCOTT    RITTER                            *   83



leveraging Europe’s ongoing trade negotiations with Iran as a means
of compelling Iran to change direction vis-a-vis its nuclear policy.
   On June 16, 2003 Mohammed           EI-Baradei issued his report to the
Board of Governors concerning the ongoing investigations in Iran.
Based   on   this report, the IAEA    Board     of Governors   issued its own
statement on June 19, which found that Iran had “failed to meet its
obligations under its Safeguards Agreement with respect to the
reporting of nuclear material, the subsequent processing and use of
that material and the declaration of facilities where the material was
stored and processed.” In this the Board was referring to the nuclear
material Iran had received from China, subsequently declared to the
IAEA, and presented for inspection. The Board went on: “Although
the quantities of nuclear material involved have not been large, and
the material would need further processing before being suitable for
use as the fissile material component of a nuclear explosive device,
the number     of failures by Iran to report the material, facilities and
activities in question in a timely manner as it is obliged to do pursuant
to its Safeguards Agreement is a matter of concern. While these fail-
ures are in the process of being rectified by Iran, the process of veri-
fying the correctness and completeness of the Iranian declarations is
still ongoing.”
     Given the acknowledgement by the IAEA that Iran had violated its
safeguards agreement, the United States pushed hard to have IAEA
declare Iran in violation of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty.
The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council for possible
action. “Can the IAEA or anyone else be confident under these
circumstances that there are no other clandestine facilities that
have yet to be revealed?” U.S. Ambassador Kenneth Brill asked the
Board during the meeting.
     The level of polarization that was taking place between the
Iranians and the United States was reflected in the Iranian statement
to the Board, in which the Iranian Ambassador, Ali Salehi, admitted
the negligence on the part of Iraq in delaying its declaration of a
“small amount of nuclear material” which, according to the Iranians,
fell far below the inspection threshold set by the IAEA (the Iranian
material amounted to 0.13 effective kilograms of Uranium-235; the
IAEA inspection threshold for Uranium-235 was 20 kilograms). The
Iranians made note of fifteen other member states that likewise failed
                              ry


B4   e                             TARGET   IRAN




to meet the quantity component of the IAEA inspection goal (ves
failed to declare amounts of material required by the IAEA, and in
particular questioned why the “transfer of nuclear shielded ammuni-
tion in hundreds of kilograms” had not been reported to the Agency,
referring to the use of depleted uranium ammunition by the United
Sates during the invasion of Iraq.
    A few days prior to the IAEA Board meeting, U.S. Secretary of
Defense Donald Rumsfeld upped the rhetorical ante by publicly
declaring the Iranian nuclear program to be affiliated with manufac-
turing weapons. “The intelligence community in the United States
and around the world currently assess that Iran does not have nuclear
weapons,” Mr Rumsfeld said during a visit to Germany. “The assess-
ment is that they do have a very active program and are likely to have
nuclear weapons in a relatively short period of time.”
    Rumsfeld went on to add a new dimension to the U.S.-Iranian
dynamic, that of Iraq, by accusing Tehran of seeking to infiltrate
agents into Iraq for the purpose of undermining the U.S. occupation.
    “We’re going to actively oppose any Iranian influence in that
country that attempts to make Iraq an Iran-type model and we'll do it
with words to start with and we'll do it energetically,” Rumsfeld said,
in a not too veiled threat.
    The IAEA Board of Governors was not about to get into a debate
between the United States and Iran. It continued to press Iran on the
need     to sign an   Additional     Protocol,     and   welcomed   Iran’s   “reaf-
firmed commitment to full transparency and expected Iran to grant
the Agency all access deemed necessary by the Agency in order to
create the necessary confidence in the international community.”
The Board, noting that the Natanz enrichment plant was now under
IAEA safeguards, encouraged Iran, pending the resolution of related
outstanding issues, “not to introduce nuclear material at the pilot
enrichment plant, as a “confidence-building measure.” The Board
also pressed Iran to permit the IAEA access to the Kalaye facility, so
that environmental samples could be taken.
    Romano Prodi recognized the reality that the European Union
was Iran’s main trading partner, and that the two had been talking
for months about boosting trade and political ties. The E.U.-Iran ini-
tiative was still viable, and as such not only distanced the European
Union from the United States, which a year ago listed Iran as part of
                             SCOTT   RITTER                          O   fais}



the so-called Axis of Evil, but also created an opening for construc-
tive diplomacy.
    The United States and the E.U. leaders held a summit near the
end ofJune, in Washington, D.C., where the United States pressured
the European Union to maintain the pressure on Iran in order to
keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons. Underscoring the total
lack of dialogue between the United States and Iran on the issue,
Romano Prodi reminded President Bush that the European Union
was in daily contact with Iran on the issue.
    The Bush administration lobbied hard for a strong European
Union stance, but in the end had to settle for a more conciliatory joint
statement which declared:

   Proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and their delivery
   systems constitutes a major threat to international peace and
   security. The threat is compounded by the interest of terrorists
   in acquiring WMD. This would undermine the foundations of
   international order. We pledge to use all means available to
   avert WMD proliferation and the calamities that would follow.

   We express our continuing serious concern at Iran’s nuclear
   program in particular as regards the pursuit of a full nuclear
   fuel cycle, as announced by President Khatami. We are troubled
   by the information in the IAEA’s report detailing Iran’s failures
   to meet its safeguards obligations and we fully support ongoing
   investigation by the IAEA to answer the unresolved questions
   and concerns identified in that report. Iran must cooperate
   fully with the IAEA, remedy all failures and answer all ques-
   tions. It must also sign and implement an Additional Protocol,
   without delay or conditions, as a significant first step toward
   addressing those concerns.

On June 25, in an act that not only ignored the IAEA’s request that all
enrichment operations be halted until the full extent of the Iranian
nuclear program was understood by the IAEA, but undermined the
diplomatic stance taken by the European Union, Iran announced that
it had introduced uranium hexafluoride gas into a single centrifuge
at the Natanz facility as a test of the operability of the centrifuge. The
BG   e                        TARGET       IRAN



gas was from the Chinese stockpile purchased in 1991, and now
under IAEA safeguards. There was nothing illegal about the Iranian
action, since it had been declared to the IAEA and subsequently
monitored. However, it sent a strong signal that Iran was not going to
back away from its right to develop the full fuel cycle associated with
nuclear energy. The move also reinforced in the minds of those who
were distrustful of [ran that the Iranian program was nothing more
than a weapons program in disguise, and that the Iranians were using
diplomacy as a means of buying time while they proceeded with a
crash weapons program.
    As tensions heightened and rhetoric became more biting,
especially in American circles, British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw
paid Tehran a visit, his fourth in less than two years. Britain had
proven itself to be a staunch ally of the United States on the issue of
Iraq, and on matters pertaining to non-proliferation in general. The
diplomatic exchange with his Iranian counterparts was sometimes
harsh. Straw, during a joint press conference, called on the Iranian
government to sign the NPT additional protocol “unconditionally” and
warned that Iranian—English relations may suffer if it does not. Iranian
Foreign Minister Kamal Kharazi bluntly replied in the same press
conference that Iran would not make any concessions on the addi-
tional protocol until the international community made some
concessions toward Iran. Despite this, the British Foreign Secretary
made it clear that the United Kingdom was not aligning itself to the
Axis of Evil doctrine being espoused by the Bush administration. “No
one should ever compare Iran with Iraq in terms of their political sys-
tems or their danger,” he stated. When asked by a reporter, “Do I take
it from that that there are no circumstances in which we would agree
to an attack on Iran?” Jack Straw replied: “Yes, and I can conceive of
no such circumstances.”
     While   Washington,   D.C.,   spoke    in terms   of veiled   threats,   it
appeared as if the United Kingdom was aligning itself with the Euro-
pean Union on how best to deal with Iran, choosing diplomatic
engagement as the tool of first choice. But diplomacy was proving to
be a frustrating path. Even Russia, a longtime ally of Iran, was having
trouble forcing any concessions from Iran, especially on the issue of
an Additional Protocol. In Moscow the Russian Foreign Ministry,
following meetings between Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov and the
                              SCOTT    RITTER                          Oa ly/



head   of the     Iranian   Atomic    Energy    Organization,    Gulamreza
Aqazadeh,   noted, “There are plans to sign this protocol in the near
future. This has been agreed with Iran.” Aqazedah, however, replied
that Iran “is ready to sign the Additional Protocol . . . but only in an
atmosphere of transparency and trust regarding the participants of
this document.”
    Clearly, getting Iranian acquiescence on this major issue was not
going to be easy.
    Events have a way of driving themselves, and the standoff with Iran
over its nuclear program was no different. Stymied on the issue of the
Additional Protocol, the IAEA continued to press Iran on the issue of
gaining access to the Kalaye site for the purpose of conducting
environmental sampling. On July 23, 2003, the IAEA received from
Iran a letter proposing a timetable for actions to be taken by August
15, 2003 in relation to “urgent outstanding issues,” including the
matter of Kalaye. The IAEA agreed to send a team of technical experts
to Iran in August, and from August 9-12 the team was finally granted
access to Kalaye for the purpose of taking environmental samples.
The inspectors were disturbed to find that the site had undergone
significant alterations since the site had last been visited in May, with
floors changed,    walls painted, and equipment       removed.   The   IAEA
nevertheless took the samples, noting however that the Iranian
actions could make moot the ability of the samples to verify their
declarations about what had transpired at the facility.
    However, the Iranians weren’t trying to assist in verification at
Kalaye; their task was to eliminate any evidence whatsoever of what
had actually transpired there. The stalling tactics they had engaged in
since March had bought them enough time, they believed, to sanitize
the facility to the point that the IAEA sampling would fail to detect
anything suspicious. But by early September, thanks to the work done
at the IAEA’s Seibersdorf Lab, it became clear that the game was up.
Contrary to the Iranian claim that no nuclear material had been
handled at Kalaye, the IAEA sampling detected numerous traces of
uranium, enriched both at a low level (LEU), and more disturbing, at
a high level (HEU).
   And it wasn’t just Kalaye which was coming up positive for HEU:
the PFEP at Natanz, which had been subjected to a series of sampling
campaigns between March and June 2003, well before any nuclear
                               ‘


BB   e                              TARGET   IRAN


material was said by the Iranians to have been introduced, also tested
positive, as samples taken from chemical traps during this time
period revealed the presence of HEU particles. Additional environ-
mental sampling revealed the presence in Iran of at least two other
types of highly enriched uranium, as well as low enriched uranium
and natural uranium. Clearly, the Iranian story was no longer holding
water. Making matters even more urgent, the Iranians announced on
August 19 that they were introducing uranium hexafluoride gas into
a small 10-centrifuge cascade as a continuation of their test program
leading to a full-scale test of a 164-centrifuge cascade.
     When    confronted by their inconsistencies, however, the Iranians
were quick to try and make amends. Iran maintained that while it had
never produced HEU, its story about the origins of its centrifuge
program had been incorrect, and that it would seek to set the record
straight. Iran also admitted uranium conversion experiments it had
conducted       during   the       1990’s,   and     which    should   have   been
declared to the IAEA but had not been. Iran, again, promised to set
the record straight on this matter as well. Clearly, Iran was seeking to
hide aspects of its program from the IAEA. The question that needed
answering revolved around whether the Iranians were shielding
information pertaining to the suppliers of the material it was using in
its program, aspects of the actual program (such as the enrichment
of uranium), or both?
    On August 26 Mohammed EI-Baredei submitted his report to the
IAEA Board of Governors. The IAEA Director General was convinced
that the Iranians were on the path toward coming clean, and so did
his best to downplay the more spectacular elements of his agency’s
findings. While pointing out Iran’s various shortcomings, El-Baradei
concluded:

     Since   the last report was       issued,     Iran   has demonstrated    an
     increased degree of cooperation in relation to the amount and
     detail of information provided to the Agency and in allowing
     access requested by the Agency to additional locations and the
     taking of associated environmental samples. The decision by
     Iran to start the negotiations with the Agency for the conclu-
     sion of an Additional Protocol is also a positive step. However,
     it should be noted that information and access were at times
                                SCOTT     RITTER                                *    89



   slow in coming       and   incremental,        and   that, as noted     above,
   some of the information was in contrast to that previously pro-
   vided by Iran. In addition, as also noted above, there remain a
   number of important outstanding issues, particularly with
   regard to Iran’s enrichment program, that require urgent reso-
   lution. Continued and accelerated cooperation and full trans-
   parency on the part of Iran are essential for the Agency to be in
   a position to provide at an early date the assurances required by
   Member States.

El-Baradei’s report frustrated the United States, which believed that
the discovery of HEU and LEU samples proved its contention that
Iran was pursuing a secret nuclear weapons program. The United
States wanted the Iranian case referred to the United Nations Security
Council, where Iran could be subjected to crippling economic
sanctions or, worse, military action. But El-Baradei’s report was void of
the kind of inflammatory language that would be required to pursue
such a recommendation.
   The United States was running out of patience, something that
Ambassador Kenneth Brill, in a statement to the IAEA Board of Gov-
ernors on September 8, 2003, made loud and clear:
   “Some have claimed the United States is seeking to ‘politicize’ the
IAEA process,” Brill said. “Nothing could be further from the truth.”

   What we seek to ensure is that the IAEA meets its responsibili-
   ties. Finding peaceful resolutions to critical nonproliferation
   issues   means,    among   other     things,    that relevant    institutions
   must     serve   their intended    functions.        Is it politicization    to
   support the NPT, or to expect NPT               signatories to meet       their
   safeguards obligations, as the U.S. is doing? Is it politicization to
   imply that “cracks” in treaties and unexpected reactions could
   result from the IAEA pressing for answers to outstanding ques-
   tions? It is no secret... that the United States believes the facts
   already established would fully justify an immediate finding of
   non-compliance by Iran with its safeguards violations. We have
   taken note, however, of the desire of other member                    states to
   give Iran a last chance to stop its evasions, and have agreed
   today to join in the call on Iran to take “essential and urgent”
=) }                               TARGET   IRAN



       actions to demonstrate that it has done so. Passing a resolution
       on this issue that firmly backs the IAEA’s efforts is the least the
       Board could credibly do to meet its responsibilities.

On      12 September      2003 the IAEA Board              of Governors    issued its
resolution      on   Iran. The   Board   made       note    of El-Baradei’s   report,
both in terms of where Iran had failed to perform, and where Iran
was cooperating, and decided             that “it is essential and urgent in
order      to ensure     IAEA    verification   of non-diversion          of nuclear
material that Iran remedy all failures identified by the Agency and
cooperate fully with the Agency to ensure verification of compliance
with Iran’s safeguards agreement by taking all necessary actions by
the end of October 2003.” Iran now had a deadline of October 31
to comply.
    The Board also requested that Iran “. . . work with the Secretariat
                                                4




to promptly and unconditionally sign, ratify and fully implement the
additional     protocol, and, as a confidence-building            measure,    hence-
forth to act in accordance with the additional protocol.” El-Baradei
was instructed to continue his work, and to report back to the Board
in November regarding the implementation of this resolution.
    As soon as the IAEA Board of Governors adopted the resolution on
Iran, the Iranian representatives walked out of the meeting. At a press
conference in Vienna, shortly after he stormed out of the IAEA Board’s
meeting, Iran’s Ambassador Salehi iterated the position of his country:

       “You can’t impose deadlines on a sovereign country,” Salehi
       said. “We will have no choice but to have a deep review of our
       existing level and extent of engagement with the Agency vis-a-
       vis this resolution . .. The Western Group in the Board of Govy-
       ernors, in line with their political goals, have made illegitimate,
       illegal and impractical requests of Iran .. . Even if all the claims
       on Iran’s program’s shortcomings are true, they cannot be
       resolved within the 45 days given to Iran . . . We are dealing
       with extremist countries not wishing to resolve the issue
       technically and legally. . . . It is no secret that the current U.S.
       administration,   or at least its influential circle, entertains the
       idea of invasion of yet another territory, as they aim to re-engi-
       neer and reshape the entire Middle East.”
                                SCOTT      RITTER                            Oh)



    In Tehran, hard-line clerics publicly demanded that Iran should
ignore the IAEA’s resolution and pull out of the NPT. While it seemed
unlikely that Iran would take such a harsh measure, the [AEA was
again faced with the prospect of a repetition of the North Korea
debacle. Pressure needed to be turned up on Iran in order to bring it
in line with the requirements set forth by the IAEA.
    On September 29, following intense discussions among many E.U.
officials, the European Council publicly warned Iran that lucrative
trade ties could be jeopardized if Iran failed to submit to IAEA
oversight of its nuclear program. The E.U. foreign ministers insisted
that Iran accept tough inspections of its facilities as set forth by the
Additional   Protocol,    and   refrain    altogether from   fuel enrichment,
which could be used to produce fissile material for nuclear weapons.
The European Union had adopted a very hard-line stance, one that
was difficult to distinguish from that of the United States, especially in
that it sought to ban Iran from doing that which it was permitted
under the terms of the NPT, namely the enrichment of uranium for
use as a fuel for nuclear energy.
    By October 3 the Iranians seemed to come to grips with the reality
that they were facing a crisis of confidence when it came to how the
world viewed the Iranian nuclear program. In order to deal with this
pressing matter, Iran appointed a five-member committee to shape
Iran’s policy regarding the IAEA’s deadline. The members selected were
Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi, Minister of Information Ali Yunessi,
Defense Minister Ali Shamkhani,           Secretary of the High National Secu-
rity Council Hassan Rowhani, and the supreme religious leader’s (the
Ayatollah Khomeini) adviser for international affairs, Ali Velayati.
    Soon the committee was put to the test. Acting on yet another
NCRI press conference (this one delivered by Alireza Jafarzadeh back
on July 8, 2003), an IAEA inspection team requested to carry out a
short-notice inspection on October 5 of the Kolahdouz military base
in Iran. According to Jafarzadeh, the Kolahdouz facility represented
the military side of Iran’s nuclear program. As per the usual method-
ology when in came       to information of this sort, according to sources
familiar with   the information,      the Israeli intelligence    services    had
provided the IAEA inspector’s with detailed information about the
site. The hope had been that the IAEA would have inspected this
facility back in July, shortly after the NCRI went public with the data.
yes   0                         TARGET   IRAN



However, the Kalaye facility standoff had dominated the IAEA’s
agenda, and following that, the September Board of Governor's
meeting. Though, the IAEA was confident that given its advanced
technological capabilities to detect radiation, now field tested at
Natanz and Kalaye, if the Iranians had indeed carried out any
nuclear-related activity at Kolahdouz, it would be detected. The
Kolahdouz facility turned out to be very sensitive indeed, related to
the manufacture and maintenance of military equipment for the
Iranian armed forces. But no traces of uranium enrichment or other
nuclear activity were found by the IAEA.
   The inspection of the Kolahdouz facility provoked a cry of outrage
on the part of Iran’s Secretary of the Supreme National Security
Council,    Hassan   Rowhani,    a member   of the committee   overseeing
Iran’s policy formulation regarding cooperation with the IAEA. On
October 7 Rowhani protested what he labeled the United State’s
abuse of the IAEA and biased actions toward Iran. “This is the worst
kind of interference in international law and order when a special-
ized United Nations agency and its legal authority are exploited for
political objective of the United States,” Rowhani said, speaking to
religious leaders from across the country.
    But Rowhani’s anger couldn’t stop the irrepressible NCRI
which,     back in Washington,    D.C., held yet another   press confer-
ence that very same day. The subject this time was an alleged secret
centrifuge test facility located outside the Iranian city of Isfahan.
While again the NCRI representative, Jafarzadeh, provided very
specific information about the location, personnel and activity of
the suspect site (again, courtesy of Tel Aviv), this time the rhetoric
associated with the release of the data likewise seemed to have been
dictated by forces either in Washington, D.C., Tel Aviv, or both.
“This information,” Jafarzadeh said, “again reveals an extensive
and clandestine program pursued by the clerical regime to acquire
nuclear weapons as a strategic weapons need for the survival of the
regime and its regional domination in the sensitive Persian Gulf
region.” He continued.

      The Iranian regime is sparing no effort to procrastinate and
      buy time to go beyond the point of no return in its derive to
      acquire the capability to produce nuclear weapons.
                             SCOTT   RITTER                        ies



   At present, the regime is engaged in a delay tactic in response
   to IAEA’s October 31 deadline. Khatami said a few days ago that
   even if the government were to accept to sign onto the Addi-
   tional Protocol, the Majlis and the Guardian Council must also
   approve that decision. This means that while Tehran is
   unwilling to abide by its international obligations, it has
   engaged in these maneuvers to reduce international pressure.

   The clerics view nuclear weapons as strategic guarantee for
   their survival. They believe that once they acquire the bomb,
   they would have freer rein to export terrorism and Islamic Rev-
   olution as nobody would be in a position to challenge them.

   The fact is that the Iranian regime has acknowledged bits and
   pieces of its nuclear program only after revelations by the
   Iranian Resistance. It is continuing to conceal its nuclear pro-
   gram, which clearly contradicts the claims that its nuclear pro-
   gram is peaceful.

   The only way to prevent the world from having to deal with the
   nightmare of a nuclear-equipped fundamentalist regime is for
   the U.N. Security Council to dismiss the regime’s ploys and
   impose binding and comprehensive sanctions against this
   medieval regime.

     The NCRI information only served to heighten the growing tension
surrounding Iran and its nuclear program. Despite Iran’s willingness
to allow snap inspections of sensitive military facilities, the IAEA was
still flustered by the lack of information being made available by the
Iranian’s concerning the overall uranium enrichment effort. There
were still considerable gaps and inconsistencies in the Iranian story
that the IAEA needed to fill in and/or investigate. The lack of any
comprehensive disclosure by Iran frustrated Mohammed El-Baradei to
the extent that he finally spoke out publicly on October 9, stating that
Iran had “. . . has promised information will be forthcoming but it has
not yet been provided. The central question is whether Iran has any
enrichment activities that we have not been informed about. On that
question I haven’t got satisfactory information.”
94°                            TARGET    IRAN



      With the October 31 deadline rapidly approaching,           the Iranian
committee on dealing with the IAEA wrestled with the reality that
they had not been completely forthcoming about the history of
Iran’s nuclear program. On the critical-issue Iran had been very
consistent: the Iranian nuclear program was for peaceful purposes
only, relating to the strategic need of Iran to develop nuclear energy
as an alternative to diminishing oil production capacity anticipated
over the course of the next few decades. However, the effects of U.S.
sanctions,   combined   with   an   overall     hostile   atmosphere   when   it
came to international trade (especially on such sensitive issues as the
acquisition of nuclear technology) had driven Iran into the black
market in order to acquire what it needed to move forward on the
full-scope of its nuclear energy ambitions, which were            inclusive   of
the complete nuclear fuel cycle. This flirtation with the black market
had resulted in Iran circumventing its obligations under the NPT on
many levels, something it would now have to admit if Iran was to be
able to comply with the demands of the IAEA’s September
resolution.
    On October 13 a new round of IAEA inspections, led by Pierre
Goldschmidt and Olli Heinonen, got underway. Once again the Ira-
nians had to grit their teeth as the IAEA sought to act on the briefings
provided by the NCRI, in this case an inspection of the Isfahan
facility, and other locations around Tehran. The IAEA team also con-
tinued its safeguard inspections of Natanz and Kalaye, including
follow-up activities related to the issue of the HEU and LEU traces
that had been detected at thee locations.
      On October   16, the Iranians decided to come          clean. The IAEA
committee determined that it could no longer hide the reality of its
past activities, and invited Mohammed El-Baradei to come to Tehran
and receive their confession. El-Baradei met with the Secretary of the
Supreme National Security Council, Hassan Rowhani. What Rowhani
had to tell El-Baradei confirmed that which the IAEA had suspected
all along: that Iran had used nuclear material, uranium hexafluoride,
to test its centrifuges at the Kalaye facility as a precursor step to
installing a cascade system at Natanz. Rowhani promised that Iran
would provide the IAEA with a full disclosure of Iran’s past and
present nuclear activities, as well as conclude an Additional Protocol
with the IAEA.     Rowhani   stated that Iran would, pending the entry
                                SCOTT    RITTER                               295



into force    of the Additional    Protocol,      act in accordance    with    the
protocol and in keeping with the new policy of full transparency.

The Iranians followed up on the October 16 meeting by providing the
IAFA a letter, dated October 21, from the head of the Atomic Energy
Organization of Iran, R. Agazadeh, which acknowledged that Iran
had, between 1998 and 2002, carried out testing of centrifuges at
Kalaye using uranium hexafluoride imported from China in 1991.
These tests accounted for the 1.9 kilograms of uranium hexafluoride
that was     missing from   the Chinese    stocks, which     the Iranians     had
earlier claimed had leaked out due to faulty valves. The Iranian tests
at Kalaye resulted in the production of small quantities of uranium
enriched to 1.2 percent levels. However, this admission did not
explain the presence of HEU and LEU traces detected at Natanz and
Kalaye which differed from the 1.2 percent LEU the Iranians now
acknowledged making.
    To counter the IAEA suspicions, Iran claimed that the HEU and
LEU contamination had come into the country via imported cen-
trifuges and related enrichment equipment. Despite their policy of
complete transparency, the Iranians claimed not to know the original
source of the centrifuges. The IAEA requested from Iran a list of all
imported and domestically produced centrifuge components, mate-
rial and equipment,      together with an indication as to which batches
of equipment Iran claimed to be the source of the contamination.
   Armed      with   this information,   the IAEA      carried   out a detailed
environmental sampling campaign at the end of October, at which
time all major imported and domestically produced components, as
well as various pieces of manufacturing equipment, were sampled.
The IAEA was able to test the actual centrifuges used by Iran during
the enrichment tests, despite the fact that Iran had originally declared
that these centrifuges had been scrapped. It turned out that the
Iranians   had stored    the centrifuges elsewhere       in Tehran,   and then
transported them to Natanz.
    Once again the Iranians found themselves on the receiving end of
intelligence information provided to the IAEA by Israel, and made
public by the NCRI. Back in May 2003, the NCRI had provided a press
conference in which it described undeclared “nuclear sites at a large
agricultural location” near the village of Lashkar-Ab’ad. The LAEA,
S6r¢                                 TARGET    IRAN



briefed in full about the Lashkar Ab’ad site by Israeli intelligence,
requested Iran to permit environmental sampling at Lashkar Ab’ad
back in August 2003. Finally, in early October, the IAEA inspectors
were granted access. Inspectors were also, shown warehouses in the
Karaj Agricultural and Medical Center of the AEOI.
    Lashkar Ab’ad turned out to be the location of a pilot plant for the
enrichment of uranium using lasers, and had been established since
2000. Uranium enrichment experiments using lasers had been con-
ducted at Lashkar Ab’ad between October 2002 and May 2003 using
uranium metal. The experiments made use of 50 kilograms of natural
uranium metal, which was imported by Iran in 1993. The equipment
was able to enrich uranium up to the contracted level of 3 percent
U-235, and even slightly beyond, in the course of the experiments.
The pilot plant, together with the uranium               metal, was disassembled
and taken to the storage facilities located at Karaj. The activities
related to the enrichment of uranium using lasers should have been
declared to the IAEA under the safeguards agreement, and had not
been. Iran promised to provide the IAEA will all information and
access required to clarify this aspect of the Iranian nuclear program.
       In the     atmosphere      of these    dramatic   revelations,   the   tension
between         Iran   and   Israel was   ratcheted   up considerably     when,    on
October 11, the Israeli government leaked information to the press,
through its intelligence service, the Mossad, about plans being drawn
up for a pre-emptive attack by Israel on Iran’s alleged nuclear
weapons programs.
    The Iranian government responded to these reports by noting,
through a spokesperson, that Iran was “. . . used to such foolish rhet-
oric from Israel and consider it not even worth replying, but still
Israel knows not to mess around with us.”
    Israel had picked an odd time to interject in such a dramatic and
disruptive manner. Things were going well between the IAEA and
Iran, perhaps too well for the Israelis’ liking. Israel had hoped that
the United States would have been able to manage the Iranian issue
in a manner which resulted in the total eradication of the Iranian
nuclear enrichment program, a step Israel deemed necessary to guar-
antee that Iran never acquire even the capacity to manufacture
nuclear weapons. But the United States found itself distracted by
events to the west of Iran, in Iraq.
                              SCOTT    RITTER                          Ota lye



    The United States, desperate to achieve a semblance of interna-
tional legitimacy for what was quickly becoming a nightmarish occu-
pation, was scrambling at the U.N. Security Council to sway members
to vote in favor of a resolution that would legitimize the occupation
and the Interim Iraqi Governing Council. The U.S. had sought and
gained compromise language from Russia, China, and Pakistan,
and was looking for Russia to smooth over ruffled feathers that still
existed with the French and Germans. The last thing the United
States needed was to force a confrontation on Iran that would further
alienate “old Europe,” and risk losing the Russians and Chinese as
well. David Kay, the former U.N. weapons inspector-turned CIA
weapons sleuth in Iraq, had submitted a report to the U.S. Congress
that underscored the fallibility of the Bush administrations case for
war, namely the existence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.
American     soldiers continued    to die in Iraq, the mission   seemed   far
from accomplished, and no weapons were being discovered. Amer-
ican credibility was sinking fast, and as such October was not the time
to push for another confrontation in the Middle East. The Security
Council     resolution was passed unanimously       on October   16, but the
United States still needed to tread lightly.
    Into this void created by the distractions of Iraq on the United
States stepped the European Union, or more specifically, what was to
be known as the EU-3—the troika of Britain, France and Germany.
Taking advantage of the opening created by the October 16 decision
by Hassan Rowhani to “come clean” on Iran’s nuclear program, and
to move forward toward signing an Additional Protocol, the Foreign
Ministers    of Britain, France,   and Germany      flew to Tehran   to help
navigate Iran toward finalizing an agreement on bringing into force
an Additional Protocol.
   This led, on October      21, to what became      known   as the Tehran
Declaration, where Iran capitulated to the IAEA demands put forward
in its September resolution. According to the joint statement released
after the agreement was concluded, Iran         . agreed on measures
                                                “




aimed at the settlement of all outstanding IAEA [International
Atomic Energy Agency] issues with regards to the Iranian nuclear
program and at enhancing confidence for peaceful cooperation in
the nuclear field,” and promised “. . . to engage in full cooperation
with the IAEA to address and resolve through full transparency all
968   e                        TARGET   IRAN



requirements and outstanding issues of the Agency and clarify and
correct any possible failures and deficiencies within the IAEA.”
   The Iranians, “. . . having received the necessary clarifications,”
                     “




declared their intent to “. . . to sign the IAEA Additional Protocol and
commence ratification procedures. As a confirmation of its good
intentions the Iranian government will continue to cooperate with
the Agency in accordance with the Protocol in advance of its ratifica-
tion.” Importantly, Iran noted that while it “... has a right within the
nuclear non-proliferation regime to develop nuclear energy for
peaceful purposes it has decided voluntarily to suspend all uranium
enrichment and reprocessing activities as defined by the IAEA.”
      The EU-3, in its turn, “. . . welcomed   the decisions of the Iranian
government,” and recognized “. . . the right of Iran to enjoy peaceful
use of nuclear energy in accordance with the nuclear Non-Prolifera-
tion Treaty.” The EU-3 acknowledged that the “. . . Additional
Protocol is in no way intended to undermine the sovereignty, national
dignity or national security of its State Parties,” and that the Iranian
decisions to cooperate should clear the way for the “immediate
situation” to be resolved by the IAEA Board. The EU-3 stated that
they believed the Iranian cooperation would “. . . open the way to a
dialogue on a basis for longer term cooperation which will provide all
parties with satisfactory assurances relating to Iran’s nuclear power
generation program.” The EU-3 noted that “Once international
concerns, including those of the three governments, are fully
resolved Iran could expect easier access to modern technology and
supplies in a range of areas.”
      This was   a tremendously   important    document,   one   that funda-
mentally placed the European Union, through the commitments
made by the EU-3, at odds with the United States. The EU-3 had
basically acknowledged Iran’s rights under Article IV of the NPT, and
promised to help facilitate Iran’s access to the technologies needed to
bring its nuclear energy program to fruition.
    Despite the breakthrough achieved by the October 21 Tehran
Declaration tensions still ran high. The United States fretted over
Iran’s lack of information supplied regarding traces of highly
enriched uranium, and warned that it may lead to a declaration of a
violation of the NPT if not cleared up by the November 20 IAEA
Board of Governors       meeting. Once back home      in Europe, the EU-3
                             SCOTT   RITTER                         O   fei)



quickly came under pressure from the United States concerning the
scope of its agreement with Iran. To counter this, the EU-3 foreign
ministers urged Iran to meet its pledge to stop uranium enrichment
and allow inspections of its nuclear program, expressing concern that
Iran had still not set solid dates for these steps.
    The Iranians, ever sensitive to any sign of backtracking, picked up
on the subtle change in the EU-3 position. On October 28 the Iranian
president Khatami reminded the EU-3 that they needed to stick by
their original commitment to help Iran acquire nuclear technology
for peaceful purposes, regardless of the pressure being brought to
bear by the United States.
    On October 31, the date of the deadline set by the IAEA Board of
Directors in its September resolution, a senior Iranian cleric, Aya-
tollah Ahmad Jannati, stated that although Iran had accepted to
sign the additional protocol, “. . . Our ‘red lines’ still exist,” adding
that “If the European party fails to live up to its commitments, the
commitments that we made should be in return regarded as canceled.”
   On   October   31, in an inspection of the PFEP facility at Natanz,
IAEA inspectors observed that no UF6 gas was being fed into the 164-
machine cascade that had been installed there, but that construction
and installation work continued. This observation created a contro-
versy of sorts as to what actually defined Iran’s ceasing all enrichment
activities as required by the IAEA. The Iranians contend that the fact
they had stopped inserting uranium hexafluoride into the centrifuges
in and of itself constituted the cessation of enrichment activity. How-
ever, the IAEA held that the ongoing assembly and construction of
centrifuge cascades at Natanz likewise constituted activities related to
enrichment, and as such must be halted if Iran were to be in compli-
ance with its obligations. Complicating the discussions about what
constituted enrichment cessation was the public release by the CIA, in
a report to Congress on November 7, of aU.S. intelligence assessment
that held that Iran had vigorously pursued nuclear weapons produc-
tion activities in the first half of 2003.
   According to the CIA, the United States “. . . remains convinced
that Tehran has been pursuing a clandestine nuclear weapons
program.” The absurdity of the CIA position was underscored by the
fact that the CIA claimed that its satellites showed Iran actively trying
to bury the centrifuge enrichment facility at Natanz, despite the fact
100    e                     :      “TARGET       IRAN



that this facility was under the total monitoring of IAEA inspectors,
who reported back that the Natanz plant was still very much under
construction, and engaged in no activity whatsoever. Members of
Congress who received the CIA briefing were alarmed at what they
had been told. Clearly, the lessons of Iraq had not yet sunk in.
      The CIA’s report was timed to pre-empt a November 8 meeting in
Vienna       between   Hassan       Rowhani       and    Mohammed   EI]-Baradei,    in
which the Iranians and the IAEA worked toward the signing of the
Additional Protocol and reaching a precise definition of what consti-
tuted the cessation of nuclear enrichment activities by Iran. At the
end of October, El-Baradei had written a letter to Iran in an attempt
to clearly define the activities that required suspension. The first
request, apparently undisputed, involves putting a stop to testing or
operating gas centrifuges, a halt to the installation of centrifuges at
Natanz, and ceasing all laser enrichment and plutonium reprocessing
activities. However, the Iranians appeared to balk at El-Baradei’s con-
tention that Iran must likewise cease the production and assembly of
centrifuges or centrifuge components at locations in Iran other than
at Natanz, and that Iran must halt equipment imports relevant to the
program.
      In the face of all of this turmoil, Mohammed             E]-Baradei released
his report on the status of the IAEA’s investigations into Iran’s
nuclear programs to the IAEA Board of Governors on November 10.
In this report, which provided an exhaustive look into the minutia of
Iran’s nuclear programs, El-Baradei concluded, “The recent disclo-
sures by Iran about its nuclear program clearly show that, in the past,
Iran       had   concealed       many   aspects    of its nuclear   activities,   with
resultant breaches of its obligation to comply with the provisions of
the Safeguards Agreement. Iran’s policy of concealment,” El-Baradei
wrote, “continued        until last month, with cooperation          being limited
and reactive, and information             being slow in coming, changing and
contradictory.” He went on:

      While most of the breaches identified to date have involved
      limited quantities of nuclear material, they have dealt with the
      most sensitive aspects of the nuclear fuel cycle, including
      enrichment and reprocessing. And although the materials
      would require further processing before being suitable for
                             SCOTT       RITTER                           On   iffe)4



   weapons purposes, the number of failures by Lran to report in
   a timely manner the material, facilities and activities in question
   as it is obliged to do pursuant to its Safeguards Agreement has
   given rise to serious concerns.

   To date, there is no evidence that the previously undeclared
   nuclear material and activities . . . were related to a nuclear
   weapons program. However, given Iran’s past pattern of con-
   cealment, it will take some time before the agency is able to
   conclude that Iran’s nuclear program is exclusively for peaceful
   purposes.

    Iran’s President Khatami, responding to the IAEA report, stated
that the report proved Iran’s innocence regarding its alleged nuclear
weapons program, noting that “Iran will never go to enrichment of
uranium    over the 3.5 percent   [mark] which is weapons-grade,”              and
that Iran “. . . understand the world’s concern in this respect.”
    The Iranians moved quickly to comply with their obligation to shut
down   their   enrichment     efforts.    On      November   10,   2003        Iran
announced that it had decided to suspend all enrichment and repro-
cessing activities. On November 12, all centrifuges located in the cas-
cade hall of the PFEP were shut down, and the feed cylinders
removed. IAEA seals were applied to all enrichment equipment, and
all uranium hexafluoride stocks were likewise placed under seal by the
inspectors.
    In the mindset of the Iranians, they were doing everything possible
to comply with the demands of the IAEA, all the while preserving
their right under the NPT to possess the full range of nuclear tech-
nologies relating to energy production. In discussions between the
European Union and the Iranian Foreign Minister, Kharazzi, held on
November 12, the Iranians reiterated their point of view that the
IAEA’s report proved Iran’s lack of a nuclear weapons program. The
European    Union   President, Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini,
praised the Iranian progress toward transparency on its nuclear
program, which have encouraged the European Union to cooperate
with Iran on a variety of issues, including its nuclear program.
   Under pressure from the United States, however, the EU-3 waffled,
stating that it was   not clear in their minds          that Iran had fully
102    e                          TARGET   IRAN



responded to the requirements of the IAEA, noting that despite
Iran’s statement regarding temporary cessation of uranium enrich-
ment activity, the Iranian definition of enrichment may be too
narrow. The U.S. Undersecretary of State for Arms Control, John
Bolton, dismissed the IAEA’s report on Iran, saying that it was “impos-
sible to believe.” The report, according to Bolton, underscored the
U.S. position that Iran was engaged in a “massive and covert” effort to
acquire nuclear weapons.
    Echoing the U.S. position, the head of Israel’s Mossad stated that
Iran was close to the “point of no return” on its nuclear weapons pro-
gram, and that this program represented the greatest threat to the
security of Israel since its inception. The fact that the IAEA, based
upon some of the most intrusive inspections in the history of nuclear
arms       control,   had determined   that there was   no nuclear weapons
program in Iran was irrelevant. Both Bolton and the Mossad Chief
were playing the game of perceptions, not reality. Both were pushing
for Iran to be referred by the IAEA to the U.N. Security Council,
where the United States would seek to put the nails in the coffin of
the Iranian nuclear program once and for all.
   Countering the U.S.-Israeli position, the E.U. Foreign Policy
Chief Javier Solana said on November 7 that Iran had been honest
about its nuclear program, and should not be reported to the U.N.
Security Council for potential sanctions. The European Union, given
its role in bringing about the Tehran Declaration, had taken the lead
on drafting the IAEA Boards November resolution. U.S. Secretary of
State Colin Powell        called Solana’s evaluation    “premature,”   and on
November 18 met with twenty-five current and future E.U. members
in Brussels to discuss whether Iran’s nuclear program should be
declared in violation of the NPT. Powell failed to persuade his
counterparts on this matter, and the next day, November 19, the E.U.
foreign ministers reaffirmed the Europe’s commitment to the
October 21 Tehran Declaration, and looked forward to Iran’s prompt
and full implementation of that agreement.
   On November 20-21 the thirty-five-nation IAEA Board of Gover-
nors considered         the recent IAEA report on Iran, and the E.U. draft
resolution. The United States and Israel urged the European Union
to adopt a tougher stance against the Iranians in order to reign in the
nuclear ambitions of Tehran. However, in the face of European unity
                              SCOTT   RITTER                              Oe)



on the matter, the United States was compelled to drop its insistence
that Iran be found     in non-compliance       with   the NPT,   and   as such
ended any chance of the Iranian case being referred to the Security
Council. The Israelis responded to this news by having Israel’s
Defense Minister, the Iranian-born Shaul Mofaz, again emphasize
Israel’s intent to undertake unilateral military action toward [ran if
the IAEA failed to halt Iran’s nuclear weapons development.
   On    November   24, the U.S., France,      Germany,    and Britain finally
agreed on tougher language for an IAEA resolution that on the one hand
condemned Iran for hiding its nuclear program in the past, but at the
same time encouraged its new policy of honesty. The thirty-five-member
board of the IAEA agreed on November 26 on a resolution that con-
demned    Iranian   clandestine   nuclear   program,      but refrained    from
reporting it to the U.N. Security Council where it could face sanctions.
The head of the IAEA, El-Baradei, said any future failure to comply on
the part of Iran would not be tolerated.
    The IAEA’s resolution strongly deplored Iran’s past failures and
breaches of its obligations to comply with the provisions of its Safe-
guards Agreement, and decided that should any “further serious
failures come to light,” it would meet immediately to consider “in the
light of the circumstances and of advice from the Director General, all
options at its disposal, in accordance with the IAEA Statute and Iran’s
Safeguards Agreement.”
    The IAEA also recognized Iran’s decisions to conclude an
Additional Protocol and to voluntarily suspend all enrichment and
reprocessing activities. The Board pushed for Iran to move “swiftly to
ratification” of the Protocol, and requested that Iran suspend all of its
enrichment-related activities in a “complete and verifiable manner.”
The language of the Board’s resolution on this matter was critical—in
requesting, and not demanding, Iranian cooperation on the issue of
cessation of enrichment activity, the Board recognized that Iran had
the right to enrich. However, this right seemed to get swept aside
given the emphasis placed on complete cessation of all enrichment.
   Even the Board’s referral to the October 21 Tehran Declaration
(or as the Board referred to it, the Agreed Statement)           between    the
Foreign Ministers of France, Germany, and the United Kingdom and
the Secretary of the Iranian Supreme National Security Council was a
way of welcoming Iran’s concurrence to sign the Additional Protocol
104    e                    TARGET   IRAN



and to suspend its uranium enrichment activities, and not the EU-3’s
commitments to respect Iran’s right to pursue peaceful nuclear tech-
nology, or its promise to help Iran acquire nuclear technology.
    The IAEA’s resolution seemed to have something in it for
everyone. Europe, especially the EU-3, took the lion’s share of the
credit not only for drafting the resolution, but also facilitating the
October 21 Tehran Declaration that made it all possible.
    The United States, while stymied in its effort to get Iran referred
to the Security Council, also saw a silver lining. Secretary of State
Colin Powell, commenting afterward, pointed out that the IAEA res-
olution “notes that Iran has been in breach of obligations,” and
highlighted the fact that “there is one particular paragraph in the res-
olution which makes it very, very clear that if Iran does not now
comply with obligations and the other agreements it’s entered into,
then this will be a matter that will be immediately referred to the
IAEA Board of Governors for action, as appropriate under the various
statutes.” The United States had not given up on its campaign to get
the Iranian case moved to the U.N. Security Council. Colin Powell
had left no doubt that this was the ultimate end game for U.S. policy
regarding Iran.

The Iranian Ambassador to the [AEA noted that while the resolution
offsets attempts “to create a crisis about Iran’s peaceful nuclear pro-
gram,” and that the report focused “disproportionately on the past”
and “did not fully and distinctly reflect the turn of policy and action
in Iran on the 21st of October,” the resolution proved Iran’s point
that it did not have a nuclear weapons program.
      For Mohammed   EI-Baradei, the beleaguered IAEA Director Gen-
eral, the Board’s resolution marked “a good day for peace, multilat-
eralism and non-proliferation.” However, El-Baradei knew that much
work remained in the field of verification before Iran’s nuclear
program could be certified as exclusively peaceful in nature. In this,
El-Baradei placed the burden of responsibility firmly on the shoul-
ders of Iran.
    But El-Baradei was wrong. The burden was not Iran’s exclusively.
The much-heralded October 21 Tehran Declaration required certain
commitments from the European Union regarding respecting Iran’s
rights afforded by the NPT, and facilitating Iran’s peaceful pursuit of
                               SCOTT     RITTER                               On   Leu



nuclear energy. In the rush to a resolution, these commitments
seemed to be thrown to the side, never referred to by any party except
Iran. On December 8 this uncomfortable fact was pointed out by the
Iranian Foreign Minsitry, which noted that although uranium enrich-
ment is within Iran’s rights, and a total cessation of enrichment was
not part of the Tehran Declaration, Iran would prove its goodwill by
volunteering to temporarily suspend its enrichment activities. But this
was only a temporary measure, in place until which time the IAEA had
certified Iran’s peaceful intent, and the EU-3 delivered on its promise
of political and material support.
   On    December     10, after much         debate,    the Iranian      government
agreed to sign an Additional Protocol binding it to snap inspections
of its nuclear facilities. The Foreign Ministry of Iran was given per-
mission by the Iranian cabinet to instruct the Iranian ambassador to
the IAEA to sign the Additional Protocol to the NPT. Final entry into
force would be dependent upon the Iranian Parliament ratifying the
bill, but the Iranians made it clear that they would implement the
Additional Protocol in the interim as if it were already in force. The
actual   agreement    was   signed     in Vienna        on   December      18, 2003,
between Ambassador Salehi of Iran and Director General Mohammed
E]-Baradei. After the struggle and drama of the past eleven months,
the signature ceremony passed with little attention from the rest of
the world.
    As if to underscore the incomplete nature of the IAEA-Iranian
accord, Israel again threatened to take action against Iran’s nuclear
facilities, prompting Iran’s president, Khatami, to reply that Israel
would be making a huge mistake if it bombed Iran. The Iranian Air
Force    Commander,    General       Seved    Reza     Pardis,   noted   that should
Israel attack Iran, it would be “digging its own grave.”
   The rumblings of political discontent soon gave way to the real
rumblings of the earth when, on December 26, 2003 a magnitude 6.6
earthquake struck the Iranian city of Bam. Anywhere between 31,000
to 43,000 lives were lost out of a population of about 142,000 in Bam
and surrounding areas; the surviving inhabitants were rendered
homeless. Talk of a military strike gave way to the reality of military
flights being used to dispatch international aid. Even the United
States buried the sword, so to speak. On December 30, 2003 an eighty-
one-member emergency response team comprising search and rescue
106   ¢                    TARGET   IRAN



specialists, medical support personnel, and humanitarian aid coordi-
nators, flew into Iran aboard U.S. military aircraft. For a moment in
time it appeared as if human compassion could triumph over polit-
ical differences as Americans and Iranians worked side by side in a
common cause.
    But it was not to be.
                              four
                 The Rational Actor


ON MARCH 9, 2004 Russian President Vladimir Putin appointed
the veteran diplomat Sergei Lavrov as the Minister for Foreign Affairs,
replacing Igor Ivanov. Ivanov was appointed as the Secretary of the
Russian National Security Council. Prior to his appointment, Lavrov
had served for ten years as the Permanent Representative of Russia to
the United Nations, during which time he managed from the Russian
perspective such crises as the breakup of Yugoslavia and Iraq.
   Born in 1950, Lavrov graduated from the Moscow State Institute of
International relations before starting his career as a junior staffer at
the Soviet Embassy in Sri Lanka 1972. From that posting Lavrov moved
on to the field of international   organizations, or the United Nations,
working in turn the Soviet end of the problem from Moscow as a
member of the Department of International Organizations within the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA)    from   1976 to 1981, and then as the
First Secretary to the Soviet Mission at the United Nations in New York,
from 1981 to 1988. From 1988 to 1992 Lavrov served in positions of
increasing responsibility within the MFA, before being appointed as the
Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation in 1992.
    Sergei Lavrov understood the United Nations, international law, and
more importantly the reality of the role played by the five permanent
members of the Security Council of the United Nations in overseeing
issues pertaining to international peace and security. As a veteran
diplomat whose career successfully straddled service in the Ministry of
108   e                          TARGET   IRAN



Foreign Affairs of both the former Soviet Union and the present-day
Russian   Federation,   Lavrov    had extensive   first-hand   experience   in
managing the delicate balance between national interests, global
interests, and the interests manifested through being a veto-wielding
member    of an   elite power-center,     the Security Council,    which    in
addition to the above-mentioned        responsibilities, had its own vested
interests to protect.
    Iran would come     to be the issue that would dominate the first
years of Sergei Lavrov’s tenure as Minister of Foreign Affairs, just as
Iraq had dominated his time as the Permanent Representative to the
United Nations. And it was this Iraq experience that colored much of
Lavrov’s perspectives regarding the interaction between Russia, the
United States and the United Nations.
    Lavrov became the Russian Ambassador to the United Nations in
1994, at a time when     the issue of economic     sanctions and Iraq was
being strongly debated. In the ongoing struggle between U.N.
weapons inspectors and the government of Iraq, the people of Iraq
were paying the price. Russia, which initially supported the work of
the inspectors in Iraq, believed that the sanctions regime had gone
on far too long, and that with U.N. inspectors speaking of moving
toward a monitoring phase of their work (as opposed to engaging in
an active search for proscribed weapons), the time had come to ease
the burden placed on the Iraqi people back in August 1990, when the
comprehensive economic sanctions were first imposed.
    The Russians worked to bring about the so-called Oil for Food
program, where Iraq was permitted to sell its oil and, under U.N.
supervision, use the proceeds to procure food, medicine, and other
humanitarian relief supplies. The Russians worked with the United
States to help craft compromise after compromise, all in an effort to
ease the burden of sanctions on the Iraqi people while seeking to
compel the government of Saddam Hussein to more fully cooperate
with U.N. inspectors and as such comply with its obligation to disarm.

However, by 1997 it had become apparent to Lavrov and the Russians
that the United States had no intention of ever lifting the U.N.
sanctions against Saddam Hussein’s regime, at least not until which
time the Iraqi dictator was removed from power. The Russian Ambas-
sador watched in frustration as the U.N. weapons inspection process
                              SCOTT   RITTER                         Oleic)



was hijacked by the United States as a facilitator for the continuation
of economic sanctions against Iraq, and then as the weapons inspec-
tion process itself was used asjustification for the initiation of military
action against Iraq, first in December 1998, as part of Operation
Desert Fox, and again in March 2003, as part of Operation Iraqi
Freedom. The 2003 war was a bitter pill for Lavrov, as he had invested
a significant amount of time and personal prestige in trying to avert
war through effective diplomacy as carried out within the framework
of the United Nations, only to watch the United States mock both the
United Nations and Russia by invading Iraq void of anyjustification or
legitimacy brought on by U.N. Security Council concurrence.
   As the war in Iraq turned into the occupation of Iraq, and the
United States increasingly turned its sights on Iran, Sergei Lavrov had
reason to be concerned; to him, the situation vis-a-vis Iran seemed like
déja vu, with the United States engaging in the same pattern of deceit
and abuse of power in an effort to implement a unilateral policy of
global hegemony under the smokescreen of disarmament. Russia
held that there could be no talk of imposing economic sanctions
against Iran, and that war was simply out of the question. As long as
the Iranian issue could be contained within the framework of the
IAEA in Vienna, as opposed to the Security Council chambers in New
York, Russia believed that it could forestall any bold moves by the
United States against Iran. This was to be Lavrov’s task.
    Lavrov’s appointment came at a critical juncture in the ongoing
effort by the IAEA to come to grips with the scope and intent of the
Iranian nuclear program. Within a week of his taking the helm at the
Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Lavrov had to confront an
emerging crisis with Iran over an IAEA Board of Governor’s resolution
issued on March 16. The IAEA expressed great concern over what it
deemed to be a lack of transparency on the part of Iran on a number
of issues, first and foremost of which were new revelations about a new
generation of gas centrifuges used in the enrichment of uranium, the
so-called P-2. Like almost every aspect of the Iranian-IAEA relation-
ship, the P-2 program was complicated, especially considering that its
roots lay not in the ongoing IAEA investigation in Iran, but thousands
of miles away, in the Mediterranean waters off the coast of Libya.
   On December 19, 2003 the government of Libya announced its
decision to eliminate all materials, equipment and programs leading
WWE   O                         TARGET   IRAN



to the production of internationally proscribed weapons—including
nuclear weapons. The official Libyan announcement proclaimed that
Libya had been working with the CIA and MI-6 over the course of sev-
eral years in order to reach an agreement about how best to proceed
with turning over Libya’s WMD programs. While the Libyan
announcement noted that the current cooperation dated back to
March 2003, and had been formalized in September 2003, it hinted
at the reality that Libya had been working hand in glove with the U.S.
and British intelligence services for many years prior to that time.
    According to a European intelligence official, Libya had in fact
initially agreed to turn over to the United States and the British its
decripid chemical warfare program, and nascent biological weapons
program,   neither   of which    remained       viable.   Libya,   as part of an
overall framework developed in the aftermath of the Lockerbie air-
line explosion in 1988, had Libya trading full cooperation into the
investigation of that act of terrorism, and Libyan agreement to enter
into various arms control and non-proliferation agreements, in
exchange for a lifting of economic sanctions and the welcoming of
Libya by the United States and Great Britain back into the fold of the
international community.
    But the CIA and MI-6 had bigger fish to catch. The United States
wanted Libya to time the announcement of its new stance so that the
Bush administration could make a public link between Libya’s “sur-
render” and the American decision to move against Iraq. According
to the thinking in the Bush administration White House, linking
Libya with Iraq would create the weapons of mass destruction tie-in
with the decision to invade, even if no WMD           were discovered in Iraq.
    But the British intelligence services had an even grander scheme
in mind. They wanted to take advantage of the new-found Libyan will-
ingness to cooperate in order to set up a sting operation that would
bring down an even larger threat than aged Libyan WMD programs.
The target was the father of the Pakistani nuclear bomb, A. Q. Khan,
and the Pakistani nuclear weapons industry, which had for some time
been involved in illicit trafficking of nuclear-enrichment technolo-
gies, and even nuclear weapons-related designs, to other nations.
    Rumours of the involvement of A. Q. Khan in selling nuclear
enrichment and nuclear weapons technology and information had
been circulating among the intelligence services of the world for
                             SCOTT   RITTER                         oe   tl



some time. In 1995, in the aftermath of the defection of Saddam Hus-
sein’s son-in-law, Hussein Kamal, to Jordan, when the Iraqi govern-
ment turned over to U.N. weapons inspectors hundreds of thousands
of pages of documents and drawings concerning its past proscribed
weapons programs, one of the documents received by the inspectors
dealt with an approach made by A. Q. Khan to Iraq in 1989 to sell to
Iraq technology and information related to the manufacture of highly
enriched uranium and a nuclear device.
    A. Q. Khan used as bait some highly technical information con-
cerning a weapons-only related matter which, he thought, proved his
bona fides. According to Iraqi government documents concerning this
approach, which were included in the files turned over to the U.N.
weapons inspectors, the Iraqi Intelligence Service, or Mukhabarat,
which had received the original approach from A. Q. Khan, viewed the
approach as being part of a Western sting operation, and instructed all
of its offices to avoid any interaction with the A. Q. Khan network.
    The IAEA, which was responsible for the assessment of all nuclear-
related activity in Iraq, turned over the entire cache of documents to
Israeli intelligence for further evaluation. The Israelis felt that the
involvement of A. Q. Khan was quite real, but noted that the Iraqis did
not appear to enter into any arrangement. Indeed, in discussions with
the Iraqis, U.N. weapons inspectors also came to the conclusion that
the A. Q. Khan approach never materialized into anything real.
    But what shocked the Israelis was the fact the A. Q. Khan was shop-
ping not just nuclear enrichment technology on the black market, but
also nuclear weapons design information. The design information
provided to the Iraqis was associated with the proper functioning of
an implosion devise, and represented a level of understanding which
could have cut months, if not years, off of any Iraqi bomb program,
given the fact that usually a number of tests were required before this
particular level of technical understanding was reached.
   The Israelis shared their concerns with the British and Americans,
and all three parties agreed that the A. Q. Khan activity was a top
target in terms of intelligence and interdiction. The Israelis also worked
closely with German intelligence on this matter. The Germans had a
long history of close cooperation with the Israelis on intelligence mat-
ters, especially technical intelligence. This included joint exploitation
of Soviet-bloc military equipment as well as assistance in uncovering
112    e                     TARGET   IRAN



efforts by nations hostile to Israel to acquire technology which could
be used in manufacturing WMD. German companies had been
deeply involved in assisting Saddam Hussein’s Iraq when it came to
WMD. Germany had been especially embarrassed when it became
clear that German companies had facilitated the Iraqi efforts to
extend the range of its SCUD missiles. Some forty-one modified
SCUD missiles were fired by Iraq against Israel during the 1991 Gulf
War. Many of these missiles carried German-made parts, or were man-
ufactured using German machine tools and technical know-how.
      In the aftermath of the 1991 Gulf War, and in concert with U.N.
weapons inspectors, the Germans carried out extensive investigations
into the role played by German companies in assisting Saddam’s
WMD programs. During the course of these investigations, the Ger-
mans were surprised to find that oftentimes the German companies
being investigated for their work with Iraq had similar files showing a
parallel level of cooperation with Iran. Most of these efforts dated
back to the time of the Iran-Iraq War, but some showed evidence of
activity well into the 1990s. Germany, alarmed by these findings, coop-
erated closely with the CIA, British Intelligence and the Israelis to
track down the extent of the German cooperation with Iran for the
purposes of interdicting and terminating these efforts.
    It was the German government that led some of the initial investi-
gations into the transfer of technology related to the enrichment of
uranium, specifically centrifuge-associated technology, from Europe
to nations like Iraq, Iran, and Pakistan. European technology also
made its way to South American nations such as Brazil. But the Ger-
mans were hampered by domestic German law concerning what they
could do, especially if the activity involved German citizens and com-
panies. This is where the U.S. and British intelligence services came
into play. For years the CIA had been pushing the notion of a broad
intelligence sharing operation between nations which would serve as
the basis for interdiction operations involving the shipment of WMD-
related materials, in particular those affiliated with ballistic missiles.
This operation had been extensively discussed by the CIA, through its
London     Station, with counterparts in the British MI-6. It was MI-6,
according to a knowledgeable source, which came up with the idea to
use Libya as a “float” for the purposes of exposing, and subsequently
shutting down, the A. Q. Khan nuclear proliferation effort.
                                SCOTT    RITTER                        CP   af tite)



   The British had, for some time, been tracking the activity of a Sri
Lankan businessman named Buhary Seyed Abu Tahir. Abu Tahir ran
a Dubai-based      company,   SMB   Group,   Dubai, which    was involved        in
computer and information technology work. Sometime in the mid- to-
late 1980s, Abu Tahir became involved in a variety of business rela-
tions in Pakistan. It was during the course of these business activities
that Abu Tahir first met A. Q. Khan. Through A. Q. Khan, Abu Tahir
was put in contact with a number of European business contacts,
including several from Germany, who had assisted Khan in the past
with procuring specific components used in the manufacture of gas
centrifuges for the enrichment of uranium.
    In 1994-1995 Abu Tahir served as a facilitator for overseeing the
shipment from A. Q. Khan in Pakistan to Iran of dozens of used P-1
gas centrifuges which were no longer needed by the Pakistani Kahota
enrichment facility. The Pakistanis had moved on up to an improved
gas centrifuge design, the P-2. With the P-1 centrifuges, based upon
the original URENCO designs pilfered by A. Q. Khan, now considered
excess, the decision was made to sell them to Iran. Abu Tahir’s success
in concluding the transaction with Iran opened the door up for addi-
tional business opportunities, including the Libyan deal.
    In 1997 Abu Tahir met with Libyan officials, on behalf of A. Q.
Khan, and began negotiations about the shipment from Pakistan to
Libya of nuclear-related material and technology. Libya was reeling
under U.N. and U.S. economic sanctions, and there was a genuine
concern   within    the inner   circle   of the Libyan   leader,   Muhammar
Khadafi, that the United States was actively seeking to remove him
from power. A decision was made that perhaps the best way to secure
the survival of Khadafi would be for Libya to acquire nuclear weapons.
The cheapest and quickest route toward this end was deemed to be
through the A. Q. Khan network out of Pakistan.
    But even as Libya was looking to nuclear weapons to serve as a
buffer of protection from the regime change policies of the United
States, events were occurring that would compete for the strategic
direction Libya was willing to take. In 1998 the Clinton administration
let it be known that if Libya were to agree to turn over two Libyan’s
accused of involvement in the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103
over Lockerbie, Scotland, and pay reparations to the families of those
who lost their loved ones on that flight, then consideration might be
114    ¢                    .   TARGET   IRAN



given to the lifting of U.N. sanctions. In April 1999 the Libyan
government turned over the two suspected bombers, Abdel Basset Ali
Megrahi and Al Amin Khalifa Fhimahto an international court in the
Netherlands, prompting the easing of U.N. economic sanctions.
Great Britain normalized relations with Libya in November        1999, and
in December of that same year gave Libya diplomatic recognition.
    Starting in 2000, the British worked very hard with their Libyan
counterparts to find a way to convince the United States to lift its own
economic embargo of Libya, and restore diplomatic relations. During
these initial meetings, the British made the Libyans aware of the fact
that Libya’s nuclear dealings with Pakistan were not unknown in
London, and that Libya would gain considerable ground diplomati-
cally with the United States if Libya were willing to give up not only
its nuclear ambition, but all WMD,       including long-range missiles.
   Libya agreed that this would be a wise course of action. However,
the British convinced their Libyan counterparts that there would
need to be a dramatic demonstration of Libya’s new stance. For this,
the British proposed Libya assist in uncovering the A. Q. Khan
nuclear black market network.
   Libya had continued to receive shipments of nuclear-related mate-
rial from Pakistan, including P-1 centrifuges, uranium        hexaflouride
gas, and design drawings, including that of a Chinese-style nuclear
devise. With the assistance of British intelligence, the Libyans
expanded their cooperation, seeking from Pakistan new-style P-2 cen-
trifuge designs, as well as access to Pakistan’s black market suppliers.
MI-6, according to a knowledgeable source, helped develop the idea
of creating a special workshop in Libya, Worshop 1001, which would
become a high-precision machine shop for the manufacture and
assembly of P-2 centrifuges. Through the Workshop 1001 concept, MI-
6 was able to gain direct access to Abu Tahir’s procurement network,
including his Malaysian manufacturing plants and Dubai shipping
networks. MI-6 actually provided Abu Tahir with component drawings,
and facilitated the acquisition of precision machine tools. Several ship-
ments were sent to Libya, and received, as part of this process.
      After September 11, 2001, the British took advantage of America’s
Global War on Terror to introduce Libya to the United States, this time
not as an enemy, but rather an ally. Libya, having much experience in
the world of international terror, was able to supply the CIA with a
                              SCOTT    RITTER                       Pi)   =)



great deal of information about Al Qaeda and other international
Islamic terror groups. The CIA found the Libyan information to be of
considerable utility.
    The British exploited the inroads made in Libyan-American
relations by further suggesting that Libya make a deal with the United
States, in which Libya would trade its WMD programs, including its so-
called nuclear weapons program, in exchange for improved U.S.
relations. Initial discussions on this matter were started in March
2003, on the eve of the U.S. invasion of Iraq.
   The United States was looking for something dramatic in the way of
nonproliferation. For some time, the United States had pushed the
idea of a broad international coalition against the proliferation of
WMD. The Proliferation Security Initiative, or PSI, fit this bill. The PSI
was in effect a giant intelligence sharing mechanism, in which the
involved nations exchanged data about the illicit shipment of WMD-
related materials. It was also a facilitating agreement, in which the
involved nations would work with one another to interdict shipments
of interest. President Bush announced the PSI during a visit to Kracow
in May 2003. The actual agreement was signed in Paris in September
2003. The White House praised the initiative as “. . . a new environ-
ment to combat trafficking to and from states and non-state actors of
proliferation concern of weapons of mass destruction, their delivery
systems,   and related   materials.   The commitment     of the countries
currently participating—Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, The
Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain, the United Kingdom, and the
United States—emphasizes the need for proactive measures to combat
the threat from the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.”
   But, according to sources familiar with the PSI, the adoption of the
agreement was delayed until September for a more specific reason:
the Bush administration wanted a dramatic demonstration of the
effectiveness of its new initiative. By early October 2003 the
British—Libya sting operation was well advanced. MI-6 had removed all
traces of technical drawings from       the Malaysian   manufacturer,     and
the parts produced were loaded onto a German-flagged ship, the BCC
China, for transit to Libya. The United States Navy was tasked with
intercepting the BCC China, which was in turn diverted to an Italian
port. On board were found containers containing thousands of parts
for use in assembling P-2 gas centrifuges.
Ilex                        ‘   TARGET   IRAN



     Of note, the parts involved constituted only part of thé ,total parts
 needed to assemble a centrifuge. None of the parts shipped represented
 high-tech materials. This was, according to a source, because British law
 prohibits its intelligence services from the facilitation of complete
 WMD-related material, even if part of a sting operation. In any event,
 the MI-6-Libyan sting was a tremendous success. Libya got what it
wanted—an entrée into improved relations with the United States. The
 British and Americans got what they wanted—unambiguous evidence of
 the role played by A. Q. Khan in shipping nuclear technology abroad.
     Mohammed El-Baradei and the IAEA were quick to gain access to
 the Libyan nuclear-related cache. They were stunned by the quantity
and quality of the material provided by Libya, and was quick to note
that there were similarities between markings, packaging, and com-
pany names on the crates observed in Libya, and similar crates they
had seen earlier in Iran. The IAEA had been pressing Iran for some
time now on the specific identity of its foreign suppliers; something
Iran had assiduously resisted doing. Now, thanks to the Libya sting,
the IAEA had the identities of not only the intermediary companies,
but also the country of origin of the material in question: Pakistan.
     In a stunning sequence of events, the Pakistani government, con-
fronted by the overwhelming amount of data that implicated
personnel and companies operating inside Pakistan, and seemingly
with the official consent of the Pakistani government, launched an
immediate investigation. Pakistan dispatched a team of experts to
Libya and Iran to review the allegations presented, apprehended
nearly a dozen officials inside Pakistan, and then, on February 24, put
the father of the Pakistani nuclear bomb himself, A. Q. Khan, on
national television, where he confessed to selling Pakistan’s nuclear
secrets to both Libya and Iran. Iran was quick to dismiss any linkage
between A. Q. Khan’s activities and the Iranian nuclear program,
stating that it had received all of its material, the totality of which had
been declared to the IAEA, through intermediaries.
   Thanks to the Libya escapade, the IAEA now had an opening for
which to confront Iran on, namely the issue of the P-2 centrifuges.
The IAEA approached Iran about the issue in mid-January 2004,
expressing concern that Iran had kept this aspect of its nuclear
program a secret at a time when Iran was professing complete trans-
parency about its nuclear program.
                             SCOTT   RITTER                         OF   il a7



    Iran, for its part, was somewhat perplexed by the [AEA’s focus on
the P-2 centrifuge, namely the I[AEA’s insistence that Iran had kept the
program a secret. The Iranians had shown El-Baradei and the other
IAEA official’s samples of the P-2 rotors at the Natanz exhibition hall
in February 2003. Furthermore, Lranian experts had discussed Iran’s
research into centrifuge rotors of different dimensions than the P-1 as
early as the summer of 2003, and through to the fall of 2003. But the
main   argument,   and a legally justifiable one, was that Iran was       not
obligated to declare the P-2 centrifuge to the IAEA.
   The October 21 declaration provided by Iran to the IAEA, and
which the IAEA cited as being the document in which Iran should
have declared the P-2 program, was only intended to deal with insuf-
ficiencies with Iran’s safeguards responsibilities. Iran would have had
to declare   the P-2 under   the Additional   Protocol,   but that was not
signed until December     18, 2003, and even    then had not come        into
force. Iran had agreed to act as if the Additional Protocol were in
place, pending the ratification of the Additional Protocol by the
Iranian Parliament, and as such had promised to deliver additional
reports in accordance with a timeline agreed upon by the IAEA, which
called for the initial declarations to be submitted by June 18, 2004.
Iran claimed to have had every intent of declaring the P-2 project at
that time. The fact that the IAEA raised the issue of the P-2 before that
timeline (i.e., January 2004) had passed did not reflect negatively on
Iran’s intentions, or so Tehran believed.
    In any event, the P-2 was strictly in the nascent stage of develop-
ment, involving low-level research and development. The centrifuge
Iran was using for its enrichment program was the P-1, and had been
fully declared to the IAEA. To the Iranians, the entire P-2 saga was
much ado about nothing.
    In addition to its concerns over the P-2 centrifuge issue, the IAEA had
other issues that it felt needed clarification. One of these involved an
Iranian effort to extract polonium from irradiated bismuth metal.
The IAEA had first become aware of this activity in September 2003,
when Iran had provided documents and records relating to unde-
clared irradiation experiments involving uranium. Although bismuth is
not a material subject to declarations under safeguards, the IAEA inspec-
tors were concerned because polonium, in conjunction with beryllium,
could be used as a neutron generator for some nuclear weapons designs.
118   e                  '.   TARGET   !RAN



    Polonium is a radioactive alpha-emitting isotope that. has legiti-
mate civilian applications, such as in radioisotope thermoelectric
generators, a sort of nuclear battery. The Iranians had informed the
IAEA in November 2003 that the bismuth irradiation had been part
of an old feasibility study for the production of polonium for use in
such a nuclear battery. Iran was somewhat confused by the IAEA
interest in polonium. The experiments in question took place in
1991, and involved two samples being irradiated, of .5 and 1.5 grams,
respectively. The attempt to extract polonium from the first sample
failed, and the effort was terminated. The Iranians had written down
these experiments in logbooks made available to the IAEA for years,
and no interest was ever expressed. Iran stated that it never procured
beryllium, additional proof that the experiments were not related to
nuclear weapons. In any event, the polonium extraction effort was
terminated in 1991, never to be repeated.
    Why the IAEA placed so much emphasis on polonium puzzled
the Iranians. The answer of course was that the United States, which
knew much about the design of nuclear weapons, posited an intent
(i.e., neutron generator for weapons purposes) void of any evidence
thereof. The polonium issue was clear evidence that the United
States was exerting a tremendous amount of pressure on the IAEA to
leave no stone unturned, and no accusation unspoken, when it came
to Iran’s nuclear program.    The   polonium   issue was a red herring,
and everyone knew it. But the IAEA raised it, and soon the critics of
Iran’s nuclear program were citing it as clear-cut proof as to the ill-
intent of Iran.
    The IAEA was also concerned with Iran’s past effort to extract
plutonium from irradiated uranium. Iran had provided the IAEA
with a full accounting of this matter, and yet in doing so had misrep-
resented the amount of plutonium eventually extracted (in the form
of liquid plutonium) as being 2 micrograms. The IAEA, in doing its
own calculations, felt that the amount of plutonium that should have
been extracted was more along the lines of 2 milligrams. In either
event, the material in question had been turned over to the IAEA,
and represented such a small amount of material as to barely warrant
comment. However, the IAEA chose to present the discrepancy
between the Iranian calculations and those done by the IAEA as
being significantly different. This was a highly charged and extremely
                              SCOTT   RITTER                         On   ht)



misleading statement, again representing a bias among those writing
IAEA reports toward characterizing the Iranian nuclear program in as
negative a light as possible. The production of 2 milligrams of pluto-
nium is more in keeping with the declared Iranian goal of making
plutonium for use in medical applications, than it would be for
weapons production.
   Other matters were raised by the IAEA Director General, none of
which was representative of anything major in terms of weapons pro-
duction. The IAEA was concerned about Iran’s plans to construct a
heavy water research reactor at Arak, which the Iranians claimed
would be for the production of medical isotopes. The IAEA was
concerned that the Arak reactor could be used for the production of
plutonium.
   Another major issue of concern was Iran’s laser enrichment
program. The Iranians had already declared a laser-enrichment effort
that had failed to reach fruition. This laser enrichment effort, which
had been subsequently cancelled, was the primary reason behind
Iraq’s efforts to acquire and manufacture uranium metal (laser
enrichment processes require the use of uranium metal). However,
according to some within the IAEA, as well as the positions taken by
the United States and Israel, there was no other explanation available
than Iran’s desire to use uranium metal as a reflective damper to
increase the yield of a nuclear weapon. But the facts argued otherwise.
   In a biting resolution adopted on March 13, 2004, the IAEA Board
of Governors   stated   that it “Deplores   that Iran, as detailed   in the
report by the Director General, omitted any reference, in its letter of
21 October 2003 which was to have provided the ‘full scope of Iranian
nuclear activities’ and a ‘complete centrifuge R&D chronology,’ to its
possession of P-2 centrifuge design drawings and to associated
research, manufacturing, and mechanical testing activities—which
the Director General describes as ‘a matter of serious concern, par-
ticularly in view of the importance and sensitivity of those activities.
                                                                            Le 2)




The Board also echoed “. . . the concern expressed by the Director
General over the issue of the purpose of Iran’s activities related to
experiments on the production and intended use of polonium-210, in
the absence of information to support Iran’s statements in this
regard.” Finally, the Board called on Iran “. . . to be pro-active in
                                                “
120   e                         TARGET   IRAN



taking all necessary steps on an urgent basis to resolve all outstanding
issues, including the issue of LEU and HEU contamination at the
Kalaye Electric Company workshop and Natanz; the issue of the
nature    and scope of Iran’s laser isotope enrichment          research;     and
the issue of the experiments on the production of polonium-210.”
   The Iranians were enraged over, the IAEA Board’s report,
believing that it did not reflect the reality of the level of cooperation
taking place between Iran and the IAEA. The Iranians showed their
anger by refusing to allow IAEA inspectors, operating under Iran’s
voluntary adherence to the Additional Protocol while the matter of
ratification   was   being discussed   before   the Iranian     Parliament,    to
enter Iran for inspections planned for mid-March,             and threatened
that Iran might cease cooperating with the [AEA altogether.
    One of Sergei Lavrov’s first tasks was to nip this crisis in the bud,
reminding the Iranians that the only path out of the current situation
ran through the IAEA, and that Iran would have to fully cooperate
and comply with the requests and requirements of the IAEA Board.
Iran backed off, and at the end of March, allowed the IAEA inspec-
tors to return to Iran and continue their work.
   But in a critical move,     the Iranian   government       held off on sub-
mitting to the Iranian Parliament the bill for ratification of the Addi-
tional Protocol. In February the Iranians held a controversial election
for Parliament, in which religious conservative parties achieved a
majority. The new Parliament was scheduled to convene in June. By
holding off on submitting the Additional Protocol for ratification, the
Iranians were making the point that while they had agreed to act as if
the Additional Protocol was in force, they did so voluntarily, since
without ratification the Additional Protocol had no legal standing.
    Iran had a lot at stake beyond national pride. At risk if Iran walked
away from the IAEA were lucrative trade talks ongoing with the Euro-
pean Union. The EU-3 continued to work with Iran in an effort to
hammer out an agreement, but in the end everything hinged on Iran’s
level of cooperation with the IAEA. Russia, too, had several projects
underway, the largest and most controversial being the Bushehr
nuclear reactor, which was under construction and scheduled to come
on line sometime in 2005. Despite considerable pressure placed on
Russia by the United States, the Russians refused to budge on their
insistence that the Bushehr project was totally related to the pursuit of
                               SCOTT    RITTER                            rae



peaceful energy, and had no relation whatsoever to a nuclear weapons
program. However, as Lavrov made clear, Russian assistance was linked
to Iran’s continuing to cooperate with the IAEA.
    The IAEA Board of Governor’s had instructed ElBaradei to pre-
pare a report by May 2004, so that the Board could consider the
Iranian matter at its meeting in June. In order to help facilitate this
process,   El-Baradei   and   a team   of senior   IAEA   officials,   including
Pierre Goldschmidt and Olli Heinonen, traveled to Tehran on April 6
for meetings with senior Iraqi officials, including President Khatami,
A. Aghazadeh, the head of the AEOI, Hassan Rohani, the Secretary of
the Supreme National Security Council, and K. Kharrazi, the Minister
of Foreign Affairs. All parties agreed to accelerate the program of
work so as to clear up the IAEA’s outstanding issues in time for the
June meeting of the Board of Governors.
   Concerning the matter of the P-2 centrifuges, the Iranians
provided the IAEA with a detailed accounting of the program,
including the locations and affiliations of several sites around Iran
involved in P-2 related activities. While Iran facilitated access to every
civilian-related site, there were three workshops that carried out sen-
sitive research work on behalf of the Defense Industries Organization
(DIO) for which the IAEA and Iran could not agree upon modalities
for inspection.
    While negotiations continued regarding access to the DIO facili-
ties, the IAEA was able to conduct numerous other inspections of
locations in Iran associated with declared nuclear-related activities.
Iran continued to prepare its initial declaration in accordance with
the Additional Protocol. These declarations were originally scheduled
to be submitted on June 18, but El-Baradei had requested that, in the
interest of full disclosure and facilitating the work of the IAEA in
preparation for the June Board of Governors meeting, that Iran accel-
erate the process. The initial Additional Protocol declarations were
delivered almost one month ahead of schedule, on May 21. The Ira-
nians noted, in submitting the declaration, that although it was done
within a shortened time period, nonetheless          . every reasonable
                                                     “




effort has been made to provide the Agency with the information to
the extent that it is relevant to and compatible with the provisions of
the Protocol” and that the declarations were “open to further clarifi-
cation and amplification if needed.”
122    e                      TARGET   IRAN



   Iran had made it very clear to all parties that its suspension of
enrichment activities was voluntary, and linked to the EU-3 abiding by
its commitments     undertaken in the October 21, 2003 Tehran Decla-
ration. The March IAEA Board of Governor’s resolution, assessed by
many in Iran as being a product of U.S.-based pressure, was seen as
trying to turn the voluntary temporary suspension of nuclear enrich-
ment into a permanent situation. On April 29 the Iranians, in order
to demonstrate that they had not given up on the issue of enrich-
ment, informed     the IAEA that it planned to carry out so-called hot
tests of the uranium hexafluoride production line at the Uranium
Conversion Facility in Esfahan.
    The IAEA protested, stating that the planned hot tests would
constitute the production of uranium hexafluoride, and as such
equate to the manufacture of feed material for enrichment purposes,
thereby violating the ban on enrichment activity. On May 18, Iran
informed the IAEA that “the decision taken for voluntary and tem-
porary suspension is based on clearly defined scope which does not
include suspension of production of uranium hexaflouride.” Once
again Iran was heading for a confrontation with the IAEA over what
it considered its inalienable right to develop technology related to
peaceful energy related programs.
      On the issue of uranium hexafluoride itself, the Iranians provided
additional clarification concerning the missing 1.9 kilograms of
Chinese-procured uranium hexafluoride. Originally, the Iranians had
stated that the missing material had leaked from the storage vessel.
Later, Iran admitted using the 1.9 kilograms in undeclared P-1 cen-
trifuge tests carried out at Kalaye. However, IAEA environmental
testing had detected trace elements of uranium hexafluoride in the
roof of the building holding the Chinese uranium hexafluoride,
prompting the Iranians to declare that they had also stored some
indigenously produced uranium hexafluoride at that facility, and it
had, indeed, leaked out.
   In an effort to clarify the remaining outstanding issues, the IAEA
conducted an intensive program of work extending from the end of
May into the first week of June, where they were finally granted access
to the three DIO workshops, and provided with new information
about the P-2 program, including new details about the importation
from foreign suppliers of magnets associated with the P-2 (previously
                               SCOTT     RITTER                       e123



the Iranians had denied any foreign manufacture), and the identifi-
cation of a new DIO site that had been involved in the manufacture
of the rotors used on the P-2 centrifuge          (and which   the IAEA was
provided access to).
   The IAEA was thrown off when the Iranians produced a private
commercial contractor who stated that he had held discussions with a
supplier of magnets, asking for 4,000 sets to be provided. This was in
contrast to earlier declarations by Iran that the P-2 program was a
small research and development effort. The private contractor told
the IAEA    that he had come      up with the 4,000 figure on      his own,
hoping to get a lower price from the supplier. However, this answer
did not seem to satisfy the IAEA, who now took the position that the
P-2 program was potentially bigger than what Iran had declared, and
as such the IAEA could not guarantee that there were no secret cen-
trifuge facilities operating in Iran outside of the monitoring currently
being conducted by the IAEA inspectors.
    Something else was bothering the IAEA experts. The chronology
presented by Iran, which had initial technical drawings related to the
P-2 being acquired in 1995, and then no work being done until 2001,
and mechanical testing taking place only in 2002, was too short in the
minds of the experts.
    Another unresolved issue was that of HEU samples collected at the
Kalaye workshop, and on a machine tool that had, at one time, been
located at the Kalaye workshop. These samples, consisting of 36 per-
cent HEU, were unexplainable under the current Iranian declaration
that held that all contamination not associated with the limited
Iranian centrifuge tests had to be as a result of cross-contamination
from used P-1 centrifuge parts and associated equipment purchased
from Pakistan. The 36 percent HEU,           however, was Russian in origin
(certain Russian research reactors use uranium          fuel enriched to 36
percent).   The   Iranians   continued     to insist that all contamination
came from Pakistan, something that made the IAEA experts nervous.
If the Iranians were using HEU enriched at 36 percent as their feed-
stock for a centrifuge cascade operating highly efficient P-2 cen-
trifuges (or even the less efficient P-1 design), the period of time
required to make weapons grade HEU would be drastically reduced.
   These two main issues of the P-2 centrifuges and the HEU con-
tamination could not be resolved in time for the June IAEA Board of
124   e                      TARGET   IRAN



Governors meeting. However, Iran was confident that the amount of
cooperation it had exhibited to date, combined with the fact that, in
its opinion, all that was required to clarify the two outstanding issues
was more time for the IAEA to study, and.as such comprehend, the
data it had available, meant that the June report should move Iran
very close to being able to resolve its position vis-a-vis the IAEA, and
as such open the way toward not only the resumption of its enrich-
ment program, but also improved trade with the European Union, in
accordance with the Tehran Declaration of October 21, 2003.
   It was not to be. In a strongly worded resolution, the IAEA Board
of Governors stated that it “Deplores . . . as indicated by the Director
General’s written and oral reports, Iran’s cooperation has not been as
full, timely and proactive as it should have been, and, in particular,
that Iran postponed until mid-April visits originally scheduled for
mid-March—including visits of Agency centrifuge experts to a
number of locations involved in Iran’s P-2 centrifuge enrichment
program—resulting in some cases in a delay in the taking of environ-
mental samples and their analysis.” The United States was quick to
cite the IAEA resolution—which it helped draft—in condemning
Iran for conducting a secret nuclear weapons program.
    The U.S. actions came on the heels of a dramatic escalation in
tension between the United States and Great Britain on the one hand,
and Iran on the other, over the situation in Iraq. The United States
faced a complete meltdown of the security situation inside Iraq in
April, with large-scale revolts taking place in Falluja, Najaf, and else-
where. The United States and the United Kingdom were quick to
blame Iran for interfering with the internal situation in Iraq. The
animosity drawn from the Iraq situation easily spilled over into the
nuclear question, as demonstrated by a speech made by President
Bush ata NATO gathering in Istanbul at the end of June where he con-
demned Iran as a “terrorist state” seeking to acquire nuclear weapons.
    In the midst of the fallout from the June IAEA Board of Governors
meeting, yet another controversy emerged, this one dealing with a
site in Tehran called Lavizan-Shian. This site first came to public
attention in May 2003 when the Iranian opposition group, National
Council for Resistance of Iran, announced that the site, called the
Lavizan-Shian Technical Research Center, was associated with biolog-
ical weapons research for the Iranian Ministry of Defense.
                                  SCOTT   RITTER                         oP   iRZics



    By May 2003 the NCRI’s days were numbered; in August 2003 the
US. Justice Department shut down the activities of the NCRI, stating
that the NCRI was a known terrorist group. However, no arrests were
made by the Justice officials, and many of the personnel involved
simply renamed and reorganized to as to create a buffer between what
the NCRI/MEK affiliation and the ongoing work they were conducted
in Iran.
    Despite the efforts of many, including members of Congress and
elements of what has come to be known as the Israeli Lobby, to have
the NCRI    and its parent organization,        the MEK,    removed   from the
State Department'’s list of terrorist organizations, in the end the com-
plexity of the U.S—MEK relationship—which may include a classified
aspect set forth in a top secret Presidential National Security Directive
pertaining to U.S. policy objectives in Iran—could not withstand the
inherent contradictions of a stated terrorist group providing press
briefings which in turn put into the public domain intelligence on
Iran which, unlike that of another well-known opposition group, the
Iraqi National Congress, turned out to be for the most part accurate.
There was also concern that the NCRI-Israeli relationship was starting
to call the shots concerning Iran by dictating the pace of the con-
frontation. The NCRI had done its job, placing the Iranian nuclear
program on the world stage. Now it was time for it to simply slip into
the background, and let U.S. policy formulators take control.
   The   Israeli   intelligence   services,   again   the source   of the NCRI
information, imparted upon the IAEA the importance that they
placed on the site. However, there was no hook for the IAEA to justify
requesting access to a location that did not have a reasonably defined
link to nuclear activity. The Israelis kept pressing the issue, however,
especially in the aftermath of the Libya-P-2 centrifuge-Pakistan-Iran
conundrum in December 2003-January 2004. The Israeli’s were able
to gain access to sensitive communications between the Iranians and
Pakistanis that indicated that the Iranians were seeking to keep quiet
about naming Pakistan directly as a source of the P-2 centrifuge pro-
gram. While the language used in the intercepts was apparently vague
and non-specific, it did hint at some sort of cover-up activity by the Ira-
nians. Some familiar with this information believe that it only relates
to an agreement by the Iranians not to divulge politically sensitive
aspects of the government-to-government relationships behind the
126   ¢                         TARGET    IRAN



A. Q. Khan   network;      others believe that the cover-up        goes deeper,
and deals with undeclared secret nuclear weapons-related work. One
of the locations believed to be involved in such a cover-up was the
Lavizan-Shian facility.
    Lavizan-Shian had been reported to be a Ministry of Defense
facility with biological warfare associations, placing it outside the
purview of the IAEA. The facility had along history of sensitive mili-
tary work. During the time of the Shah, Lavizan was the headquarters
of the Imperial Guard. Later it became a central hub of the new
Islamic Republic’s military research activity, and many of Iran’s
most sensitive military projects, including several ballistic missile-
related activities, were    managed      from    Lavizan.   The   Lavizan-Shian
facility, adjacent to the larger Lavizan base, was involved in physics
research activities.
    In 1989 the Iranians established the Physics Research Center at
Lavizan-Shian. Originally intended to be a biological research activity,
the facility was converted into a civil defense-related activity, which
had the responsibility of developing technologies and methodologies
that would help detect and protect Iran from either WMD attacks
from foreign powers, or accidental nuclear releases domestically. In
this context, two so-called Whole Body Counters             (WBC), which had
originally been procured by Iraq from the United States in the early
1990s (the WBCs were produced by Connecticut-based Canberra
Industries Inc.), were installed at the Lavizan-Shian facility. Work on
civil defense continued      until 1998, at which      time ownership     of the
site came into dispute between the Iranian Ministry of Defense and
the municipality of Tehran. Sometime in December 2003 the Iranians
began dismantling Lavizan-Shian, removing the buildings and
scraping away the topsoil, so that by May 2004 the site had been
totally razed. The combination of the NCRI-Israeli reporting, satel-
lite imagery showing the removal activity at the site, and information
that showed the two WBCs being located at the site, led the IAEA to
request an inspection of Lavizn-Shian in June 2004.
    The visit was granted, and the inspectors given access to the WBCs
and associated equipment, but the extensive earth removal activity
that had transpired at Lavizan-Shian prior to the arrival of the IAEA
inspectors made the environmental sampling techniques used by the
IAEA previously nearly useless. Some have contended that this was a
                             SCOTT   RITTER                        Os   Wied,



deliberate ploy on the part of the Iranians, although documents pro-
vided to the IAEA by Iran tend to support the Iranian claim that all of
this was simply part of the efforts undertaken by the municipality of
Tehran to convert a former Ministry of Defense-affiliated site into a
city park, work on which pre-dated the May 2003 NCRI briefing and
as such makes any cause-effect analysis based upon chronology moot.
   The dramatic    imagery of the reduction    of the Lavizan-Shian     site,
when showed out of context, makes an impressive (and yet mis-
leading) case for the concealment by Iran of something sinister at that
location. The media hyped the Lavizan-Shian concealment, giving it
more emphasis than even the IAEA thought it deserved. According to
Iran, the purpose of Lavizan-Shian had been “preparedness to combat
and neutralization of casualties due to nuclear attacks and accidents
(nuclear defense) and also support and provide scientific advice and
services to the Ministry of Defense.” Iran provided the IAEA with a list
of the eleven activities conducted at Lavizan-Shian, but, citing security
concerns, declined to provide the IAEA with a list of the equipment
used there. Iran told the IAEA categorically that “no nuclear material
declarable in accordance with the Agency’s safeguard[s] was present”
and that “no nuclear material and nuclear activities related to fuel
cycle [were] carried out in Lavisan-Shian.” The IAEA was not able to
contradict any aspect of the Iranian declaration about Lavizan-Shian.
     As a result of the continued fall-out from Iran’s ire at the June
IEAE Board of Governors report, the Iranians made good on their
threat to suspend its earlier commitments regarding “expanded
voluntary measures” concerning the cessation of manufacturing and
testing of centrifuge components. The IAEA urged Iran to “continue
to build international confidence” by continuing to adhere to the
voluntary halt in centrifuge work, but Iran went ahead with its threats,
removing IEAE seals from material associated with the centrifuge
manufacture activities. By August Iran had assembled approximately
seventy new centrifuges as a result of this resumption of activity. All of
the work was conducted under IAEA supervision.
     Iran had also gone forward with its promise to conduct hot tests of
the uranium conversion facility. One test, done in May-June 2004,
produced some 30-35 kilograms of uranium hexafluoride. Other
tests, involving the conversion of some 35 tons of yellowcake, took
place in early September 2004.
128   ¢                       TARGET    IRAN



    None of this boded well for Iran in the upcoming IAEA Goy-
ernor’s Board meeting scheduled for September. While IAEA
Director General Mohammed EI-Baradei was able to report that [ran
was providing good access to facilities, and that no evidence of
ongoing enrichment had been detected, he continued to note that
Iran had not adequately answered the two most outstanding issues
facing the IAEA—the traces of LEU and HEU that were discovered
at Natanz and Kalaye, and matters pertaining to the P-2 centrifuge
program.   This,   on   top of the   Lavizan-Shian   issue,   the   questions
about polonium and plutonium, and Iran’s continued intransigence
on the matter of a heavy water reactor being constructed at Arak, all
provided fuel for those powers that were pushing to have Iran
declared to be in violation of the Non-Proliferation Treaty, namely
the United States.
   The Arak question was typical of the kind of event that made the
Iranians question the IAEA’s commitment to allowing Iran to pro-
ceed with its nuclear energy program along the lines permitted it
under Article IV of the non-proliferations Treaty. There was consid-
erable concern     on the part of several interested parties, the United
States and Israel foremost, that Iran’s plans for a heavy water reactor
had less to do with research and more to do with creating a source of
weapons grade plutonium. Israel knew all too well what the potential
of a small heavy water reactor was—its own “research reactor” at
Dimona, a heavy water design, served as the centerpiece of Israel’s
clandestine nuclear weapons program. As far as Iran was concerned,
Israel in many ways was imprinting its own past pattern of behavior,
including motivations, onto the Iranians.
    Iran was permitted to build the heavy water reactor, and indeed
had submitted the required drawings to the IAEA for review as
required by the safeguards agreement and the NPT. However, experts
at the IAEA, in reviewing the Iranian plans, questioned the absence
of so-called hot cell windows and manipulators, in the drawings. One
would normally expect to see the presence of these items if one was
seeking to extract radioisotopes for research purposes, as Iran
claimed. Without these, it would be easy to conclude that Iran was
simply looking to extract plutonium. The Iranians provided the IAEA
with documentation which showed that the Iranians had, indeed, fac-
tored in hot cell windows and manipulators in the original 1977
                              SCOTT      RITTER                           e129



plans, but that these had been dropped from the current plan due to
procurement problems. Once a source of hot cell windows and
manipulators were found, then the design drawings would be updated
taking into consideration the new technical information. Void of
these, however, there was nothing to declare.
    Another sticky issue remained the matter of Iran’s continued
refusal to ratify the Additional Protocol. The failure of Iran to accom-
plish this task left the door open for criticism from the United States,
typified by comments made in mid-August by John Bolton, the Under-
secretary of State for Nonproliferation, when           he told a conservative
American think-tank that “. . . impetus behind the Iranian quest for
nuclear weapons is so great it has caused Iran to renege on its
commitments to the IAEA to ratify the Additional Protocol and fully
cooperate with inspectors, and renege on its commitment to the
Europeans to suspend uranium enrichment activities.”
   The   Iranians,   of course,   took    a different   approach.   The   newly
elected conservative Parliament was a strong advocate of Iran’s legal
right to enrich uranium, and had been trying to pass its own bill
instructing the Iranian government to resume the enrichment of
uranium. This seemed to be the opposite direction that needed to be
taken if ratification of the Additional Protocol was the objective. It was
clear in the minds of the Iranians that ratification of the Additional
Protocol could only come about when the IAEA recognized Iran’s
inherent right to nuclear energy, inclusive of an enrichment program.
According to a senior Iranian parliament member, the “Majlis [Par-
liament] certainly will not approve the additional protocol in view of
the [IAEA]   Board of Governors          current record, but the Board      can
pave the way for Iran to join the protocol if it attempts to close Iran’s
nuclear dossier in its next [September 13, 2004] session.”
   The September meeting of the IAEA Board of Governors brought
together three differing points of view regarding the Iranian issue—
Russia, the European Union and the United States. Russia, more than
anything, viewed its support for ran from a geo-strategic imperative.
The Russians had over the course of several years watched as the
United States orchestrated the expansion of NATO right up to the
borders of Russia, and then the transformation of NATO from a
defensive pact into one capable of conducting offensive warfare (wit-
ness Serbia and Kosovo).
130    e                           TARGET   IRAN



    The U.S-led invasion of Iraq was yet another example: of Amer-
ican hegemony left unchecked. Russia had significant economic
interests in Iran, to be certain. The military sales and nuclear energy
markets were both lucrative for the Russians. But more than anything
else, Iran was where Russia intended to draw the line when it came to
what it viewed as the naked abuse of power being wielded by the
United States. Of course, Russia needed to maintain an aura of legit-
imacy and respectability on the Iranian issue, and would not actively
support or endorse an Iranian nuclear weapons program. As such,
Russia would continue to support the IAEA’s demands that Iran
answer with full transparency its requests for continued access and
information concerning Iran’s nuclear program. Russia even sup-
ported the freeze on enrichment. But as for economic sanctions, the
Russian position was quite clear: No.
    An adjunct of the Russian position was that of fellow Security
Council member China. In March of 2004 China had signed a twenty-
five-year deal to import 110 million tons of liquefied natural gas
(LNG) from Iran. By the time of the IAEA Board meeting in Sep-
tember, China was on the verge of closing an even bigger deal, worth
some       $100 billion, which   had the Chinese   importing   another   250
million tons of LNG from Iran over a twenty-year period. Under this
deal, China would also be able to import 150,000 barrels of crude oil
per day during the twenty-five-year period. China, in one fell swoop,
was about to become Iran’s oil market.
    In addition to the impressive levels of LNG and crude oil importa-
tion, China was also going to invest huge amounts of money into Iran’s
oil and gas fields, both in terms of exploration and drilling, totaling
another $100 billion over twenty-five years. China was in no mood to
put this considerable investment at risk by supporting any referral of
Iran to the Security Council. Furthermore, the growing Sino—Russian
entente      dictated   a common    national security posture, and on one
issue the two former superpowers agreed: the United States needed to
be checked, and Iran was the best place to do the checking.
    The European Union, for its part, had to tread carefully. On the
one hand, the European Union wanted to fully exploit the economic
benefits of open trade with Iran, and as such was anxious for the
nuclear issue to be resolved. They were fully aware of the Iran—Chi-
nese oil and gas deals, and wanted to be able to engage in similar
                            SCOTT   RITTER                        ett



activities. On the other hand, the European Union could not simply
ignore the position taken by the United States. Their stance was
inherently contradictory, at once recognizing Iran’s right to enrich
uranium, while at the same time saying Iran could never be allowed to
enrich uranium.
    Iran recognized this, as well. Hassan Rowhani, in Europe ahead of
the IAEA Board meeting for talks with European Union officials
about Iran’s nuclear program, noted that “If the Europeans do not
respect their commitments or present an illogical or harsh resolution,
Iran has already decided its response.” Rowhani went on to say that
“Iran will never compromise on its right to gain access to the complete
nuclear fuel cycle.” The European     Union, in the form of the EU-3,
responded by setting a two-month deadline for Iran to stop all enrich-
ment activity. On the surface, this represented a harsh rebuke. In
reality, however, it signaled that the European Union was not caving
into pressure put on by the United States to immediately refer Iran to
the Security Council.
    The issue of the referral of the Iranian file to the Security Council
weighed heavily on all parties. In its November 2003 resolution, the
IAEA Board of Governor’s agreed to consider “all options at its
disposal” should “any further serious Iranian failures” come to light.
The spate of condemnations by the Board of Iran in every resolution
passed since had created a situation where the IAEA was in danger of
boxing itself into a corner. To elevate Iran’s inability or unwillingness
to not fully answer questions to the satisfaction of the IAEA on mat-
ters pertaining to the nuclear issue to the status of being a threat to
international peace and security was a stretch. However, by continu-
ously drawing lines in the sand that were ignored by Iran put the
Board in the position of being found irrelevant. This, of course, was
the whole approach of the United States when it came to Iran and the
IAEA. It was never a question of “if” concerning Iran’s being referred
to the Security Council, but only “when.”
    The United States thought that the time was now. According to the
U.S. way of thinking, the IAEA statue provides that the IAEA should
notify the Security Council of questions that fall within the compe-
tency of the United Nations Security Council. Accordingly, the Amer-
ican position held, the IAEA needed     to decide whether or not Iran
posed a threat to international peace and security that warranted
132    e                           TARGET   IRAN



Chapter VII intervention by the Security Council. The United States
was pushing for IAEA referral of Iran because in November 2004 it
would assume the Presidency of the Security Council, and as such
have tremendous latitude on setting the agenda of the Council. Sec-
retary of State Colin Powell made a public case that Iran had a
nuclear      weapons    program,    and   that “this      [Iran]   is a matter     that
should go to the Security Council as quickly as possible.”
   Shortly before he traveled to Vienna for the September IAEA Gov-
ernor’s     Board   meeting, John     Bolton    visited    Israel, where    he pro-
claimed that the United States “would not rule out an attack if
peaceful diplomacy failed to stop Iran from getting atomic weapons.”
Bolton’s choice of words, and location for uttering them, came at an
inopportune time. That same month the FBI had acknowledged that
it was investigating a serious case of espionage involving a Depart-
ment       of Defense   official, the pro-Israeli Lobby AIPAC,            and    Israel
itself. The case involved       the unauthorized          disclosure of classified
information      from   the   Department       of Defense      official   to AIPAC,
which then forwarded the information on to Israel. The intelligence
in question dealt with Iran.
     Bolton was to be joined in Vienna by Ambassador Jackie Sanders,
who was the U.S. representative to the Geneva-based Conference on
Disarmament. Bolton and Sanders were representing the United
States in the place of the regular intermediary, Ambassador Stephen
Brill. The presence of Bolton and Sanders underscored the serious-
ness in which the United States placed getting Iran referred to the
Security Council at this time. But Bolton’s rhetoric and grating
manner undermined any benefit that might have been accrued by
having such a senior delegation present in Vienna. No matter how
hard he pressed, the IAEA Board would not cave into Bolton’s insis-
tence that the IAEA set an October 31 deadline for referral of Iran to
the Security Council.
    Up until this time the IAEA Board of Governor’s had passed all of
its resolutions on the basis of unanimous          consent; the last thing the
IAEA wanted was to present Iran with anything less than a solid front.
The Bolton initiatives were threatening to force any IAEA resolution
to a vote, where the Board might be presented with numerous no
votes, or abstentions.     Sensing deadlock, the EU-3, with Russian sup-
port, pushed a compromise draft resolution that called for Iran to
                             SCOTT   RITTER                       e133



 fully cooperate with the IAEA inspectors so that they could under-
 stand the full extent and nature of Iran’s enrichment program before
 the Board’s next meeting in November 2004. The outstanding issues
 continued to focus of the P-2 centrifuge issue and the sources of HEU
 and LEU contamination. The EU-draft also expressed the Board’s
 deep regret that Iran reversed its decision to voluntarily suspend its
 enrichment and reprocessing activities, and again urged Iran to ratify
 the Additional Protocol to its NPT safeguards agreement.
     The Bolton-led U.S. delegation attempted to derail the E.U.-draft
 resolution by once again demanding an October 31 deadline for
 Iran’s full compliance, or else the matter would be referred to the
 Security Council. The United States also demanded that two critical
 paragraphs be removed from the draft. The first paragraph so tar-
 geted spoke of recognizing “the right of states to the development
 and practical application of atomic energy for peaceful purposes.”
 This was a reference to Article IV of the NPT, something the United
 States had made clear did not apply in the case of Iran. The second
 was Curious, and deeply troubling. The United States wanted the stan-
 dard boiler-plate language that existed in all IAEA resolutions which
 expressed appreciation for the “professional and impartial efforts by
 the Director-General and the Secretariat to implement Iran’s NPT
 safeguards . . . as well as to verify Iran’s suspension of enrichment-
 related and reprocessing activities.”
     Officially, what vexed the United States most was El-Baradei’s
 repeated statements that his inspectors had not detected any evidence
 of an Iranian nuclear weapons program. But from the perspective of
the unapologetically pro-Israeli perspective of John Bolton, it was El-
Baradei’s tendency to criticize Israel’s nuclear weapons program that
was particularly disturbing (especially when El-Baradei, one month
before the September 2004 IAEA Board meeting, stated that Iran had
been much more forthcoming and cooperative about its nuclear
program than Israel ever had.)
    In any event, the United States failed on all accounts. There was no
referral, no deadline, and no eliminated paragraphs. Ambassador
Sanders tried to put the best possible face on for the Americans, as
well as tipped off all parties as to what the ultimate endgame strategy
was for the United States, by remarking that the IAEA Board’s resolu-
tion “. . . sends an unmistakable signal to Iran that continuing its
134   e                    '   TARGET   IRAN



nuclear weapons program will bring it inevitably before the (U.N.)
Security Council.”
   The September 18 IAEA Board of Governor’s resolution was seen
by many as a welcomed respite, a chance for all parties to catch their
respective breaths before moving forward concerning the Iranian
nuclear file. But any settlement with Iran that preserved its right to
carry out the enrichment of uranium was unacceptable to Israel, and
as such the United States.
    The Israeli point of view was summarized in a presentation made
by Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom before the U.N. General Assembly
on September 23, 2004. Shalom stated that “The international
community now realizes that Iran—with missiles that can reach
London,   Paris, Berlin   and southern    Russia—does   not only pose    a
threat to the security of Israel, but to the security and stability of the
whole world. Indeed, Iran has replaced Saddam Hussein as the
world’s number one exporter of terror, hate and instability.” Shalom’s
speech underscored an even more blunt statement made by Israeli
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, who stated that Iran was the greatest
threat to Israel’s existence, and that “Israel would not allow Iran to be
equipped with a nuclear weapon.”
    Israel had defined nuclear weapon as having the means to enrich
uranium. As such, the Israeli red line was the very same enrichment
program that the Iranians believed they had an inalienable right to
pursue under Article IV of the NPT. Given America’s overwhelming
pro-Israeli posture when it came to anything dealing with Middle East
security, there could be no doubt in anyone’s mind that Israel’s red
lines were also America’s. Far from providing a respite designed to
de-escalate tensions, the September 2004 IAEA resolution was
nothing more than the calm before the storm.
                                 live
                      The War Party


FOLLOWING PASSAGE OF THE SEPTEMBER 2005 resolution by the
IAEA in Vienna, Undersecretary of State John Bolton returned to
Washington, D.C., deeply disappointed in the decisions made by the
IAEA, the moderate stance being taken by the IAEA Director General,
Mohammed ElI-Baradei, and by what he viewed as the overly compro-
mising nature of the European Union. Bolton had come to Vienna
charged with getting the Iranian account transferred from IAEA
oversight to the purview of the United Nations Security Council. Given
Bolton’s history, it would seem at first blush quite strange to have a man
who had spent much of his professional life deriding the United
Nations, and the role played by the Security Council in particular, to be
suddenly advocating the primacy of the Security Council when it came
to Iran. But even a cursory review of Bolton’s background clearly
showed   that when   it came   to Bolton,   the United   Nations   and   Iran,
nothing was as it might appear at first glance.
    Being stymied by the IAEA was both a personal and professional
defeat for John Bolton. As the Under Secretary for Nonproliferation,
Iran was his account, his responsibility, and things weren’t going well.
But the Iran account represented much more than simply a profes-
sional responsibility for Bolton; it was also very personal. And given
Bolton’s background, separating personal from professional when it
came to Iran was a very difficult thing to do. Before returning to
government service in 2001 with the Bush administration,    John Bolton
136    e                                TARGET   IRAN



had served as the senior vice president for the conservative think-
 tank, American Enterprise Institute, as well as a director for the Pro-
ject for a New American Century (prior to that Bolton had served as
the assistant secretary of state for international organizations under
George H. W. Bush). In both positions Bolton had the opportunity to
make his personal opinions, especially on matters pertaining to the
U.N. and U.S. national security, well known.
      In October     1999, John Bolton, in his role as AEI vice president,
authored an article, published in the conservative                       magazine,      The
Weekly Standard, in which he took the U.N. Secretary General to task,
along with the U.N. Charter and any American official who acceded
to the belief that the United States was somehow beholden to the rule
of international law. Bolton took particular affront to the position
held by Kofi Annan regarding the U.S.-led NATO intervention in
Kosovo. Bolton quoted Annan as saying “Unless the Security Council
is restored to its preeminent position as the sole source of legitimacy
on the use of force, we are on a dangerous path to anarchy.” Bolton
explained away America’s reluctance to take the Kosovo case to the
Security Council, noting that had the United States sought a U.N. res-
olution to intervene “. . . it would have almost certainly have been
                              its




vetoed     by Russia    and         China.   Furthermore,”      Bolton   wrote,   “if the
Security Council were considered the sole arbiter of just intervention,
any use of force that lacked its imprimatur would be illegitimate.”
Bolton went on:


   Not only is the Annan doctrine limitless in its purported reach,
   it also greatly inhibits America’s ability (and everyone else’s, for
      that matter)     to use        force   to protect   and    advance    its vital
   national interests. Such a limitation was never seriously
   advanced, and certainly not accepted, when the Senate consid-
   ered the U.N. Charter in 1945. Indeed, during the Cold War,
   Americans would have greeted such statements by a U.N. sec-
   retary general with derision.

    Bolton rejected any notion of the United States seeking permis-
sion from the U.N. Security Council when addressing issues it
deemed paramount to its own national security interest. The appro-
priate response, according to Bolton, would have been to announce
                             SCOTT   RITTER                           ot   Sz.



that the United States “. . . did not need the Security Council’s
permission to act. Besides, the Security Council was paralyzed and
therefore useless for our purposes.” This particular passage warrants
emphasis given Bolton’s recent tirade in Vienna about the need to
refer the Iran issue to the Security Council.
    In his 1999 article Bolton cautioned about the threat from “emerging
new international norms” which, in his opinion, “. . . will make it harder
                                                   4




and harder for the United States to act independently in its own legiti-
mate national interest.” What Bolton, and his superiors in the Bush
administration, believed to represent the legitimate national interest of
the United   States was not simply hypothetical, but rather set forth in
great detail, both in terms of positions held prior to taking office (rep-
resentative of foundational thought), and official positions as expressed
in government documents published by the Bush administration.
    In 2000, John Bolton, as a Director for the Project for a New Amer-
ican Century,   helped   prepare   a document,    “Rebuilding America’s
Defenses,” or RAD, that had the imprint of many people who would
go on to serve in senior levels of the administration of George W.
Bush, including Paul Wolfowitz, Stephen Cambone,           and I. “Scooter”
Libby. The document was a straightforward, frank, and frightening
look at the vision of how America would interface with the rest of the
world under conservative Republican leadership.
    “America’s global leadership, and its role as the guarantor of the
current great-power peace,” the RAD document noted, “relies upon
the safety of the American homeland; the preservation of a favorable
balance   of power   in Europe,    the   Middle   East,   and   surrounding
energy-producing region, and East Asia; and the general stability of
the international system of nation-states relative to terrorists, organ-
ized crime, and other ‘non-state actors’.”
    A preview of President Bush’s 2002 State of the Union Address was
provided as well. “The current American peace will be short-lived if
the United States becomes vulnerable to rogue powers with small,
inexpensive arsenals of ballistic missiles and nuclear warheads or
other weapons of mass destruction. We cannot allow North Korea,
Iran, Iraq or similar states to undermine American leadership,
intimidate American allies or threaten the American homeland itself.
The blessings of the American peace, purchased at fearful cost and a
century of effort, should not be so trivially squandered.” And the
138    e                         TARGET   IRAN



consequences for any rogue power that dared to confront the United
States was likewise spelled out: “American military preeminence will
continue to rest in significant part on the ability to maintain sufficient
land forces to achieve political goals such as removing a dangerous
and hostile regime when necessary.”
   John Bolton’s influence in shaping what has come to be known a
neo-conservative policy carried over from private life to official duty.
He and his fellow neo-conservative ideologues took the framework of
policy inherent in their writings and, once ensconced inside the admin-
istration of President George W. Bush, turned it into formal doctrine,
 exploiting the fragile state of U.S. democracy in the form of a Congress
 paralyzed by fear in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of September
 11, 2001 to turn their visions into a National Security Strategy that was
 promulgated one year after the events of 9/11, in September 2002.
     The 2002 National Security Strategy of the United States
 represented a sweeping transformation of how America under
 President Bush saw its position vis-a-vis the rest of the world. For anyone
fearful of any notion of an unrestrained hyper-power, the document
was disturbing, for the new document was nothing less than a road
map for global hegemony on the part of the United States of America,
at once endorsing the notion of unchecked power, pre-emptive war
 (and perpetual war, as well, in the form of imminent threat), unilater-
alism in disregard for international law, and regime change. A careful
reading of key passages from the 2002 National Security Strategy shows
just how influential neo-conservative ideologues such as John Bolton
were in shaping the policies of the Bush administration:

      The United States possesses unprecedented—and unequaled—
      strength and influence in the world. Sustained by faith in the
      principles ofliberty, and the value of a free society, this position
      comes with unparalleled responsibilities, obligations, and
      opportunity. The great strength of this nation must be used to
      promote a balance of power that favors freedom.
          America is now threatened less by conquering states than we
      are by failing ones. We are menaced less by fleets and armies than
      by catastrophic technologies in the hands of the embittered few.
      We must defeat these threats to our Nation, allies, and friends.
           However, this campaign need not be sequential to be effective;
                           SCOTT   RITTER                          129



the cumulative effect across all regions will help achieve the results
we seek. We will disrupt and destroy terrorist organizations by:

¢ Direct and continuous action using all the elements of
  national and international power. Our immediate focus will
  be those terrorist organizations of global reach and any ter-
  rorist or state sponsor of terrorism which attempts to gain or
  use weapons of mass destruction (WMD) or their precursors;
¢ Defending the United States, the American         people, and our
  interests at home and abroad by identifying and destroying
  the threat before it reaches our borders. While the United
  States will constantly strive to enlist the support of the inter-
  national community, we will not hesitate to act alone, if nec-
  essary, to exercise our right of self defense by acting
  preemptively against such terrorists, to prevent them from
  doing harm against our people and our country; and
e Denying further sponsorship, support, and sanctuary to ter-
  rorists by convincing or compelling states to accept their sov-
  ereign responsibilities. We will also wage a war of ideas to win
  the battle against international terrorism. This includes:

  — Using the full influence of the United States, and working
    closely with allies and friends, to make clear that all acts of
    terrorism are illegitimate so that terrorism will be viewed in
    the same light as slavery, piracy, or genocide: behavior that
    no respectable government can condone or support and
    all must oppose;
  — Supporting moderate and modern government, especially
     in the Muslim world, to ensure that the conditions and ide-
    ologies that promote terrorism do not find fertile ground
    in any nation;
  — Diminishing the underlying conditions that spawn ter-
    rorism by enlisting the international community to
     focus its efforts and resources on areas most at risk; and
  — Using effective public diplomacy to promote the free
    flow of information and ideas to kindle the hopes and
    aspirations of freedom of those in societies ruled by the
    sponsors of global terrorism.
140    @                       TARGET    IRAN



      For centuries, international law recognized that nations néed
      not suffer an attack before they can lawfully take action to
      defend themselves against forces that present an imminent
      danger of attack. Legal scholars and international jurists often
      conditioned the legitimacy of preemption on the existence of
      an imminent threat—most often a visible mobilization of
      armies, navies, and air forces preparing to attack.
          We must adapt the concept of imminent threat to the capa-
      bilities and objectives of today’s adversaries. Rogue states and
      terrorists do not seek to attack us using conventional means.
      They know such attacks would fail. Instead, they rely on acts of
      terror and, potentially, the use of weapons of mass destruc-
      tion—weapons that can be easily concealed, delivered covertly,
      and used without warning.
          The targets of these attacks are our military forces and our
      civilian population, in direct violation of one of the principal
      norms of the law of warfare. As was demonstrated by the losses
      on September    11, 2001, mass civilian casualties is the specific
      objective of terrorists and these losses would be exponentially
      more severe if terrorists acquired and used weapons of mass
      destruction.
         The United States has long maintained the option of pre-
      emptive actions to counter a sufficient threat to our national
      security. The greater the threat, the greater is the risk of inac-
      tion—and the more compelling the case for taking anticipa-
      tory action to defend ourselves, even if uncertainty remains as
      to the time and place of the enemy’s attack. To forestall or pre-
      vent such hostile acts by our adversaries, the United States will,
      if necessary, act preemptively.
          The United States will not use force in all cases to preempt
      emerging threats, nor should nations use preemption as a
      pretext for aggression. Yet in an age where the enemies of civi-
      lization openly and actively seek the world’s most destructive
      technologies, the United States cannot remain idle while dan-
      gers gather. We will always proceed deliberately, weighing the
      consequences of our actions. To support preemptive options,
      we will:
                             SCOTT    RITTER                         e141



   ¢ build better, more integrated intelligence capabilities to pro-
     vide timely, accurate   information   on   threats, wherever   they
      may emerge;
   ¢ coordinate closely with allies to form a common        assessment
      of the most dangerous threats; and
   ¢ continue    to transform   our   military forces   to ensure   our
      ability to conduct   rapid and precise operations     to achieve
      decisive results.


   The purpose of our actions will always be to eliminate a specific
   threat to the United States or our allies and friends. The rea-
   sons for our actions will be clear, the force measured,     and the
   cause just.

   The 2002 National Security Strategy of the United States repre-
sented a frontal assault on the basic framework of international law
that had held the world together, however tenuously, since the end of
World War Two. It also codified the doctrine of global hegemony on
 the part of the United States, replete with notions of preemptive war,
unilateralism, and regime change. When one compares and contrasts
 the positions staked out in the 2002 National Security Strategy, and
the positions espoused by the Bush administration, through the
vehicle of John Bolton, at the IAEA concerning Iraq, there is an
inherent contradiction at work. Rather than seeking genuine con-
sensus based upon a common framework designed to peacefully
resolve the situation with Iran, the United States appeared rather to
be forcing conditions which would paralyze the Security Council into
inaction, thereby freeing up the United States to act independently in
its own national interest.
    When it came to defining what constituted the national interest,
John Bolton, like many of his neo-conservative colleagues, seemed to
possess a decidedly split personality, especially when it came to mat-
ters involving the state of Israel. Bolton’s pro-Israeli proclivities
entered the spotlight when, in 1991, as the State Department’s official
responsible for international organizations, he helped orchestrate a
repeal of a controversial U.N. resolution from the 1970s which
equated Zionism with racism. Bolton does not come to his pro-Israeli
stance based upon religious union with Israel—he is not Jewish, but
142   ¢                     TARGET   IRAN



rather Christian, the kind of Christian that had the arch-conservative,
former Republican Senator from North Carolina, Jesse Helms,
proclaim in January 2001, that, “John Bolton is the kind of man with
whom I would want to stand at Armageddon, if it should be my lot to
be on hand for what is forecast to be the final battle between good
and evil in this world.” But Bolton has developed a strong relation-
ship with Israel, one that had him undermine official U.S. policy by
keeping policy papers critical of Israeli actions from crossing the desk
of the Secretary of State as Bolton did early on in his tenure in the
administration of George W. Bush, blocking a memo which suggested
that Israel had violated American laws with its July 23, 2000, assassi-
nation of Salah Shehada, a senior Hamas activist in Gaza City. Israel
reportedly used an American-made F-16 fighter-bomber to drop a
bomb on a house in the Gaza strip, killing Shehada and fourteen
others (including women and children), and injuring more than 100
others. In his position as undersecretary of state, Bolton has engaged
in numerous one-on-one meetings with Israeli officials without
getting prior country clearance from the relevant offices within the
State Department. Bolton frequently travels to Israel, where he has
developed a strong relationship with Israeli intelligence officials,
again outside of official bureaucratic channels.
    In fairness, Bolton’s unorthodox approach to diplomacy does not
extend solely to Israel. Bolton has long been a strong force for anti-
communism, and for promoting a Cold War-era point of view that
pushes U.S. supremacy around the globe. He has a history of force-
fully backing the cause of an independent Taiwan, while denigrating
Sino-U.S. relations. Not surprisingly, Bolton is vociferously anti-
United Nations, having been famously (or infamously) quoted as
saying that “there is no such thing as the United Nations,” and that “if
the U.N. Secretariat building in New York lost ten stories, it wouldn’t
make a bit of difference”   (both comments    were made    in the mid-
1990s, when Bolton was a private citizen). Again, it seems quite
curious that an individual possessing such strong anti-U.N. senti-
ments would be advocating U.S. policy positions at a U.N. forum such
as the IAEA, unless the goal and objective was to undermine and/or
discredit the U.N. process as a whole, thereby freeing up U.S.-centric
unilateralism on the part of the Bush administration per the National
Security Strategy of the United States.
                                SCOTT    RITTER                              °*    143



   Almost immediately upon his return to Washington, John Bolton
sought to undermine the sense of normalcy and calm represented in
the September IAEA resolution. Reinforcing the American con-
tention that Iran was pursuing a covert nuclear weapons program in
parallel with its declared nuclear energy efforts, Bolton orchestrated
a series of leaks to the U.S. media,       acting on      Israeli-provided        infor-
mation, that Iran was pursuing illicit nuclear technology at a military
site near Parchin. The Israelis had already passed this information on
to the IAEA, who had initially requested that the Iranians facilitate
access to Parchin back in June 2004. Iran, seeking to minimize IAEA
intrusion into matters not dealing with nuclear activity, and which
were sensitive to Iran’s legitimate national security interests, were
dragging their feet on the Parchin visit request. However, when U.S.
newspapers started running stories based upon the Bolton leaks,
accusing Iran of having illegal nuclear weapons programs operating at
Parchin and other sites, the Iranians publicly denounced              the stories,
saying that the IAEA could visit the site if it wanted to.
       Bolton continued to pour fuel on the flame, suggesting to his con-
tacts in the U.S. media that the IAEA was too timid when it came to
Iran and its nuclear program, and that the Parchin matter should be
pursued more forcefully. Parchin, however, wasn’t the target. Bolton,
as the point man for U.S. policy on Iran, wanted the Iran case sent to
the Security Council. He recognized that the United States faced an
uphill struggle to convince the IAEA to agree to such a move. How-
ever, by keeping the pressure up on Iran and the IAEA, Bolton was
convinced that the United States would eventually either find incon-
trovertible evidence of Iranian wrong doing or, failing that, simply
wear down European opposition by betting on the fact that in the
long run Europe would ultimately side with the United States in any
stand-off involving Iran.
    Despite his reputation as a maverick, Bolton was not acting on his
own volition when it came to Iran, but rather as part of a larger U.S.
policy to force a confrontation with Iran. Bolton had provided a hint
as to the ultimate objectives of such a strategy would entail when,
shortly after the fall of Saddam Hussein’s government in April 2003,
he visited Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and assured him that
with Iraq cleaned up, the United States would move forward to take
care     of other   problem   nations,   such   as Iran    and   Syria. With        the
144    e                         TARGET     IRAN




considerable problems that stemmed from the ongoing occupation
of Iraq serving as a brake for any bold extension of the politics of
confrontation in the months following Saddam’s fall from power, Iran
had been put on the back burner. Now, with a transition of sover-
eignty (on paper at least) taking place in Baghdad in June 2004, and
upcoming elections scheduled for January 2005, many in the Bush
administration felt the time was ripe to push the Iranian agenda up
to front burner      status.   This   included:    the   President   himself,   who
hinted at the possible course of policy direction he was navigating
towards regarding Iran in an interview with Fox News’ conservative
talk show host, Bill O’Reilly in late September 2004.


          O’REILLY: Iran said yesterday: Hey, we’re going to develop
      this nuclear stuff, we don’t care what you think. You ready to
      use military force against Iran if they continue to defy the world
      on nuclear?
          BUSH: My hope is that we can solve this diplomatically.
          O’REILLY: But if you can’t?
          BUSH: Well, let me try to solve it diplomatically, first. All
      options are on the table, of course, in any situation. But diplo-
      macy is the first option.
          O’REILLY: Would you allow Iran to develop a nuclear
      weapon?
          BUSH: We are working our hearts out so that they don’t
      develop a nuclear weapon, and the best way to do so is to con-
      tinue to keep international pressure on them.
          O’REILLY: Is it conceivable that you would allow them to
      develop a nuclear weapon?
           BUSH:   No, we’ve made      it clear, our position is that they
      won’t have a nuclear weapon.
         O’REILLY: Period.
         BUSH: Yes.

John Bolton was quick to capitalize on the President’s public asser-
tion, which opened up the possibility of U.S. military action against
Iran during a question and answer period following a presentation at
the American Enterprise Institute the day after the Bush—-O’Reilly
interview,    noting that President      Bush     had said “. . . we    don’t take
                             SCOTT   RITTER                        ©   145



options off the table. And that we are determined that Iran not pos-
sess nuclear weapons. And that is the fundamental point of policy.
U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell reiterated the point this week.
While stating that the United States had no immediate plans to attack
Iran, he pointedly added: ‘Every option, though, of course remains on
the table.’ ” Earlier, in his prepared remarks, Bolton had questioned the
role being played by the [AEA when it came to Iran, noting that there
was no role for a technical agency when it came to international
security issues, and that the Iranian case needed to be moved quickly
to the arena of the Security Council.
     The “every option remains on the table” rhetoric began to domi-
nate the news cycle, in stark contrast to the calm language of the IAEA
resolution. There was a definite reason for this strong posturing. The
last thing the Bush administration wanted was to have the U.S. public
pondering the possibility that Iran might not, after all, be pursuing a
nuclear weapons program, but rather only a peaceful nuclear energy
program. By elevating the discussion to the realm of conflict poten-
tial, and boldly stating that Iran would never be allowed to possess
nuclear weapons,   the Bush administration bypassed any debate as to
the relative merits of its arguments as to whether or not any such
weapons program existed, instead creating an environment that
simply assumed that such a program was already in place in Iran.
    Presidents do not speak idly when it comes to national security
issues, and Bush’s hints about all options being on the table repre-
sented the tip of the iceberg when it came to the issue of military
strikes against Iran. U.S. military plans against Iran were being dusted
off and updated. Furthermore, given the close linkage that existed
between the policies of the Bush administration regarding Iran,
and   the state of Israel, the not-so-hidden   hand   of Israel was often
found to be involved in such deliberations. Israel was a strong propo-
nent of an Osirak-type strike against Iran, in effect carrying out a
replay of its 1981 air strike against an Iraqi nuclear reactor Israel sus-
pected of being tied into an Iraqi nuclear weapons program. Israeli
officials were warning the United States, in public and in private, that
Iran was coming dangerously close to crossing the red line of nuclear
technological awareness and capability. In short, the Israelis con-
tended that soon Iran would have all the know-how and technical
capability to enrich uranium to levels required for nuclear weapons.
146    ¢                        TARGET   IRAN



Once they possessed this, Iran posed a threat even if it stopped its
research efforts in the nuclear arena. Iran, according to Israel, had to
be stopped before it was too late.
    U.S. military and intelligence officials had reviewed the possibility
of a decapitating strike against Iran’s nuclear program. The results
were not encouraging. Iran did not possess a single target, such as
Iraq’s Osirak nuclear reactor, that could be bombed and in doing so
defeat the nuclear program. There were numerous targets, spread
out over a vast territory, which      would     require   a massive   effort to
interdict that not only lacked certainty of mission success, but esca-
lated conflict with Iran so rapidly that there was no way to contain
the violence. In short, according to U.S. military planners, and attack
on Iran, even      if it was limited in scope to Iran’s nuclear activities,
would rapidly spin out of control into a regional conflict that could
not be contained.
   While the media buzzed with news ofincreased U.S. military plan-
ning for an attack against Iran, an even more explosive story emerged
which had the United States selling to Israel some 500 “bunker
buster” bombs, along with thousands of other precision munitions of
the sort that would be needed if Israel were to attack Iran. The
Iranian reaction was swift, and predictable. Not only did Iran restate
its position that it would strongly retaliate against any military attack
on its soil, it invoked the specter of an Iranian policy of preemption,
with Iran’s defense minister, Ali Shamhani, warning that “We will not
sit and wait for what others will do to us.” As if to prove the point, the
Iranian military, during its annual military parade in October 2004,
showed off its long-range ballistic missiles draped in anti-U.S. and
anti-Israeli slogans.
    Iran was not to be intimidated. Shortly after the IAEA resolution
passed in September, Iran decried the result as illegal, and soon after
announced that it would begin to convert some 37 tons of uranium
oxide, or yellowcake, into hexafluoride gas for use as a feedstock for
enrichment of uranium through the centrifuge process. The Iranians
also hinted that they would pull out of the NPT if the IAEA referred
the Iranian case to the Security Council during its November 2004
meeting.
      The   Bush   administration   found,    however,    that   it might   have
pushed too hard and too fast on the issue of confronting Iran. The
                                    SCOTT   RITTER                                  °    147



president was in the midst of a contentious presidential election race
with the Democratic senator from Massachusetts,      John Kerry. The war
in Iraq was not going well, and the President was under increasing
criticism from the fact that the U.S. intelligence case made for justi-
fying the invasion of Iraq, namely that Saddam Hussein posed a threat
warranting military action because of massive stocks of undeclared
weapons of mass destruction, had turned out to be a false one. Selling
another military adventure based upon a hyped up threat at a time
when the country was already sharply divided over the first war was not
deemed to be politically wise.
    Further dampening any rush toward conflict with Iran was the
fact that the military itself was ambivalent about the feasibility (and
viability) of such a move, especially if it were to be limited in scope
to neutralizing Iran’s nuclear program. The cycle of escalation of
any such action was such that the United States would rapidly find
itself embroiled in another land war for which it lacked the
resources to sustain. Any military strike against Iran, the military
believed, would quickly become a fight to the finish, with the ulti-
mate outcome in doubt.
     Clearly a quick military strike against Iran was not on the books.
Neither was any military action focused solely on Iran’s nuclear capa-
bilities. The targeting of any such strike was proving problematic at
best. Thanks to the [AFA inspections, the United States (and Israel)
had extremely detailed intelligence on Iran’s nuclear enrichment pro-
gram, at least in so far as it had been declared to the IAEA. However,
both Israel and the United States contended that there existed in Iran
a secret military program dedicated to the manufacture of nuclear
weapons.    If these   sites existed,       they were       located    outside     the    net
thrown by the IAEA inspections. Both Israel and the United States
were Carrying out a full-court press to try and identify and locate these
secret facilities. Israel made heavy use of its connections in Iraqi Kur-
distan and in Azerbaijan to set up covert intelligence cells inside Iran,
whose work was allegedly supplemented with specially trained com-
mandoes entering Iran disguised as local villagers.
   The     United   States    was     conducting        similar      operations,        using
Iranian opposition forces, in particular the MEK                       (whose political
action   front,   the NCRI,    had     recently      been     shut    down   inside       the
United   States, accused     of being a terrorist front), to conduct cross-
1468   e                           TARGET     IRAN



border operations under the supervision of the CIA. ‘The United
States also made use of its considerable technical intelligence collec-
tion capabilities, focusing the attention of its imagery and electronic
eavesdropping satellites, as well the aerial armada of aircraft the U.S.
military was operating all along Iran’s periphery. The problem was,
neither the Israelis nor the United States could detect any activity
whatsoever that could point to a definitive location on the ground
inside Iran where covert nuclear weapons activity was taking place.
    Both the Israelis and the United States had collected significant
communications           between   Iran and Pakistan, which        showed   a con-
spiracy upon both parties to try and hide the true nature of their
cooperation       on     nuclear   matters.    However,    the   intelligence     was
ambiguous at best. Were the Iranians and Pakistanis simply trying to
keep secret their commercial dealings in an attempt to avoid further
embarrassment (a finding many both in Israel and the United States
found      plausible),   or were   they hiding something         more   nefarious,
and simply exercising extreme caution when discussing it? The
Israeli proclivity towards konseptsia, which led to a huge intelligence
failure on their behalf regarding Iraq, was still very much a factor
when it came to Iran.
    Israel, rightfully fearful of a nuclear-armed Iran, boxed itself into
a corner by interpreting any activity on the part of Iran related to
nuclear     material,    whether   or not     it was   for peaceful   purposes,    as
being involved in a nuclear weapons program. The Israelis had
already convinced themselves that there was an Iranian nuclear
weapons program. They now simply had to keep searching for the
definitive proof of the existence of such. Void of any information
regarding Iranian nuclear activity in the northern and western
reaches of Iran, the Israelis postulated that the Iranians must have
relocated their program to the eastern provinces, thereby increasing
the distance Israeli aircraft would have to fly to strike them. Again,
there was absolutely no hard intelligence that pointed Israel in this
direction, only analysis based upon a pre-conceived konseptsia that
these facilities existed.
    While the United States was carrying out extensive operations
inside Afghanistan, and to a lesser degree Pakistan, the CIA and U.S.
Special Operations Command had yet to organize any effort to con-
duct cross-border operations into eastern Iran in any meaningful way.
                                SCOTT   RITTER                         e149



Until such targeting data was acquired, any talk of a military strike was
premature. This reality, as difficult as it was for the proponents of
bombing Iran to accept, actually was greeted with some relief by many
in Washington, D.C. The need for the military and CIA to get their
respective acts together in eastern Iran meant that there was a period
of time in which the rest of U.S. policy could catch up.
    In mid-October the White House called together its Iran policy
team, and with the President presiding, a new roadmap was laid out.
First, the United States would continue pressuring the IAEA to
transfer the Iranian case to the Security Council. However, this was
not seen as being likely to happen until at least the June IAEA Board
of Governors meeting. The goal of the U.S. team in Vienna would be
to shape the debate in such a way as to facilitate a positive vote for
transfer in June 2005. The decision was made to expand the focus of
U.S. concern in Iran to be inclusive of human       rights, democracy, and
terrorism, not simply nuclear weapons. The CIA was tasked with car-
rying out operations designed to influence public opinion in Iran,
especially with presidential elections coming up in June 2005. The
Iranian theocracy’s crack down on reformists in the last parliamentary
elections   had   resulted   in numerous   demonstrations.   Indeed,    from
September    15 to October     15, 2004, more    than 150 separate demon-
strations had taken place in Iran, not only in big cities like Tehran or
Esfahan, but throughout the country, including in the holy city of
Qom. The United States would dramatically increase its funding of
pro-west democracy groups, as well as work with Israel to increase the
level of anti-regime broadcasts into Iran.
    By broadening the scope of its campaign against Iran, the Bush
administration was doing its best to shift the focus of any impending
confrontation with Iran away from a simple United States versus Iran
equation, to one that was more akin to Iran versus the world. Iran had
been trying to get the United States to engage in direct one-on-one
talks since the immediate aftermath of the 2003 invasion of Iraq, even
going so far as to propose, via a two-page letter sent through a Swiss
intermediary, peace with Israel (indirectly stated in the form of accept-
ance of the principle of land-for-peace, which builds on a March 2002
declaration in Beirut, supported by such staunch American allies as
Egypt and Saudi Arabia, which seeks a comprehensive peace with Israel
in return for Israel’s withdrawal to the territory it had controlled before
i   Cis                     TARGET   IRAN



the 1967 war). The Iranians also proposed to cut off funding to Hamas
and the PLO, and to seek a halt to terrorist attacks against civilians
within the 1967 borders. And, from the nuclear point of view, Iran
agreed to abide by the 93+2 formulation of safeguard inspections,
which included signing an Additional Protocol. In return, Iran sought
an end to all sanctions, and security assurances from the United States,
including the re-establishment of relations.
    The Bush administration never publicly reacted to the Iranian ini-
tiative, in large part because its basic policy formulation was one of
regime change in Iran, not negotiating the continued existence of that
regime. The Bush administration knew that its policies regarding Iran
were not acceptable at face value to the international community. Direct
talks with Iran would fatally complicate U.S. regime change plans by
highlighting the true objectives of the Bush administration’s policies,
which sought regime change even if it required the unilateral applica-
tion of military force that resulted in increased violence and destabi-
lization in the Middle East. From the Bush administration’s point of
view, the rest of the world, in particular the European Union, Russia,
and China, needed to be inserted as a buffer between the United States
and Iran, and the nuclear issued pursued to the point that the entire
world viewed the Iranian effort in a negative light, thereby making the
U.S.-Iranian struggle an Iranian—international community struggle.
    The Bush administration likewise had to contend with domestic
American politics. Direct negotiations with Iran were not considered
viable, given the heavy anti-Iran sentiment that existed in Congress,
and the fact that any opening towards Iran along such lines would
simultaneously open a window of opportunity for the Democratic
Party in the November 2004 presidential race. The White House
could neither take for granted electoral victory in the November 2004
presidential race, nor congressional support for tougher action on
Iran. In May 2004 the House of Representatives passed House reso-
lution 398, which expressed “the concern of Congress over Iran’s
development of the means to produce nuclear weapons.” Opponents
of this resolution charged that it led the United States down the road
to war against Iran, in so far as it calls upon   all state parties to the
Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty—including the United States—to
use “all appropriate means to deter, dissuade, and prevent Iran from
acquiring nuclear weapons.” The resolution also “calls on the
                             SCOTT   RITTER                        O31



President to use all appropriate means to prevent Iran from acquiring
nuclear weapons . . . ”, thereby creating a precedent for future esca-
lation of the use of force against Iran, similar to legislation endorsing
regime change in Iraq back in 1998. Clearly this was the direction the
President and his conservative allies in Congress were trying to head.
In July 2004 the Senate passed a watered-down version of the House
resolution, Senate resolution 81, which called upon the use of “appro-
priate means” to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons.
    While the language of the Senate resolution may have been toned
down, the intent of the resolution, or at least the underlying policies
it purported to support, was very hawkish indeed. Senator Sam Brown-
back, an influential Republican from Kansas who sits on the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee, made these comments following pas-
sage of the Senate resolution:

   Just as it was an important rhetorical step for President Reagan
   to dub the Soviet Union an “Evil Empire,” so too it is important
   for us to recognize the current regime in Iran for what is—an
   illegitimate, ruling elite that stifles the growth of genuine
   democracy, abuses human rights and exports terrorism.

   To the Iranian people, I offer my continued support. This is
   how history is made—one brave act at a time. The battle for
   your freedom will be long and hard. Stay strong, and know that
   America supports you, and will be there to help you rebuild
   your beautiful land. Hopefully, next July—as America again cel-
   ebrates its independence, we can rejoice with you in celebrating
   a free Iran as well.

    If the Bush administration were able to hold onto the White House
in November 2004, many proponents of regime change in Tehran
firmly believed they would be able to orchestrate the demise of the
Mullahsby the summer of 2005. Congress, so they believed, was
already on their side. They simply needed to move the Iranian case to
the Security Council, force a showdown where the paralysis of the
international community was readily demonstrable to Congress and
the American public, and then move on Iran militarily, and unilater-
ally so if required.
TS20¢                        TARGET   IRAN                    :



   In keeping with this line of thinking, the President, in late
October 2004, instructed the Pentagon to be prepared by June 2005
to initiate, on the President’s orders, a sustained military aerial cam-
paign designed not only to take out Iran’s nuclear capabilities, but
also facilitate regime change by decapitating the mechanisms of gov-
ernance used by the Mullahs to retain control. The CIA’s role in this
regard was to increase the flow and quality of intelligence on both
Iran’s nuclear capabilities, as well as the strength of the internal
opposition. Iran was planning on elections for the presidency in June
2005. The White House believed that it could create a nexus of sorts,
in which the IAEA transferred the Iranian file to the Security Council,
the Iranian internal situation explodes over the presidential election,
and the U.S. military is prepared to act immediately once the Security
Council balked at taking decisive action. June 2005 was envisioned as
being a month    of decisive confrontation   with Iran, a confrontation
that the White House was planning on hiding behind a smokescreen
of diplomacy.
    All of this activity was not going unnoticed around the world. The
European Union took to heart the threat of war between the United
States and Iran. The European Union was Iran’s main trading
partner, with around 35 percent of total market share of Iranian
global trade amounting to some 57.2 billion euros. Iran was a big sup-
plier of energy to the European Union, and its oil-based economy
imported a large amount of European technology and hardware. In
the midst   of the American      conundrum   over   Iran,   the   European
Union was undergoing some internal turmoil of its own. E.U. Com-
mission President Romano Prodi, who had assumed office with the
vision of creating a unified, strengthened European foreign policy,
indicated that he was stepping down as Commission President in
order to resume his political career in Italy, where he was planning
on making a run at Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi. The European
Union tapped the former Portuguese Premier, Jose Manuel Durao
Barroso, as Prodi’s successor.
    Where Prodi had been a force of opposition to the United States,
opposing the war in Iraq and pushing for greater European
independence in foreign and security policies, Barroso had been an
active supporter of the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq (hosting a pre-war
summit in the Azores between      the United States, Great Britain and
                             SCOTT   RITTER                           Oye}



Spain). Upon receiving his nomination as E.U. Commission Presi-
dent, Barruso immediately pledged to unite Europe and heal the
wounds created by the Iraq war. “It is true the Iraq question divided
Europe,” he said in his remarks. “It is important that we concentrate
on what unites us.”
   In a move    that reflected   the deft hand     of Romano   Prodi,   the
European Union also unanimously selected former Spanish Prime
Minister Javier Solano as the High Representative for foreign policy,
with his assumption of office as Europe’s first foreign minister once
the European Constitution came into force (anticipated to occur
sometime   in 2007). Solano, acting in accordance       with the wishes of
Prodi, had been very active in getting the European Union engaged
on the issue of Iran. However, the lack of unity within Europe made it
virtually impossible for the European Union to act in any cohesive,
decisive fashion when it came to implementation of its agreements
with Tehran. The so-called Tehran Declaration of October 2003 floun-
dered almost immediately in the face of American opposition to any
notion of legitimacy to Iran’s nuclear ambitions, even if limited to
peaceful uses. The European Union continued to proceed as if Iran
had rights under Article IV of the NPT, whereas the United States
wanted to limit these rights (or indeed eliminate them altogether).
Unwilling to stand up to the United States, Europe had negotiated an
agreement it was unable, or unwilling, to see through. Iran’s obstinacy
in breaking its commitment to cease enrichment activity was driven
largely by Europe’s unwillingness to negotiate in good faith.
    A key aspect of the EU-3 intervention was the schizophrenic nature
of the three nations that had come together on the issue. Two of
the three—Great Britain and France—already held positions on the
Security Council of the United Nations. The third—Germany—very
much desired to join them there in the future. As such, there was a
strong will among the EU-3 to be seen as operating in a strong, yet bal-
anced manner when it came to Iran and its nuclear program. Great
Britain, having sold its soul in joining the United States in invading
Iran, was keen on re-establishing a sense of credibility within the Euro-
pean Union, and of exploiting its close relations with America to help
moderate   the hawkish   policies of the Bush     administration.   France,
strongly opposed   to the U.S.-led   invasion    of Iraq, wanted    to move
away from being the perennial European           “dove” on international
154   e                     TARGET    IRAN
                                                           .
                                                               a


security issues, and likewise was keen on seeing Europe emerge as a
foreign policy counter to the United States.
    Germany held an even more complicated position. Its political
leadership continued to oppose the U.S.Aed actions in Iraq, and was
not inclined to stand by idly in the face of any precipitous move
against Iran. And yet Germany had a hidden factor in its foreign
policy considerations, one not readily visible to the rest of the
world—Israel. For many years, dating back to the 1960s, Germany
had sought to atone for its past sins vis-a-vis its treatment of Jews by
accommodating Israeli foreign policy, defense and intelligence con-
cerns. German intelligence was particularly close with the Israelis’.
Technical exchanges had been arranged over the years in which
Soviet-bloc equipment had been made available to Israeli intelligence
personnel so that the Israelis could gain special insight into the
weapons systems of its potential enemies. It was not an uncommon
sight throughout the 1980s and 90s to have Israeli personnel wan-
dering around any number of secretive German military installations,
pouring over equipment and diagrams with their German counter-
parts. The Germans also sought to atone for the support they had
provided to Saddam    Hussein’s Iraq, where   German    companies   had
sold technology that had enabled Iraq to modify its SCUD missiles so
that thirty-nine were able to strike Israel in the 1991 Gulf War. Unlike
their civilian masters, German   military and intelligence officials had
a very pro-Israeli posture, and were inclined to be extremely hawkish
when it came to the defense of Israel.
    Many Germans secretly supported the Israeli position concerning
the need for a preemptive strike. German intelligence agents, oper-
ating under economic cover, had been operating inside Iran for
years, often times in support of joint German-Israeli mission
objectives (for instance, Germany had taken a lead role in covert
operations designed to determine     the fate of the Israeli pilot, Ron
Arad, shot down over Lebanon and long believed by Israel to be held
by the Iranians). These Germans reported back about a number of
economic and political matters, including any signs of dissent in
Tehran. It was German reporting on increased unrest in Iran, passed
on to Israel, and in turn from Israel to the Bush White House, which
helped shape the new American policy position that Iran could be
taken down from the inside. So even while German diplomats nego-
                             SCOTT     RITTER                         ©   1.5'5



tiated in support of an incentives-based approach towards resolving
the Iranian nuclear crisis, German intelligence officials secretly
hedged their bets towards an American-backed effort to undermine
and overthrow the regime of the Mullah’s.
    There was no real consensus among the EU-3 on the issue of Iran.
Each nation had its own reasons for wanting to broker a deal with
Iran, and none of the reasons coincided with one another other than
a desire (shared by all except some German         intelligence officials) to
prevent the United States from stumbling into yet another Middle
Eastern disaster. But the war-like rhetoric coming out of the United
States made it difficult to contain the situation.
    Surprisingly, it was Great Britain that seemed most anxious to stave
off U.S. military action against Iran. In a show of defiance to the
American   talk of war,   in October    2004    the Iranian   Parliament,    to
shouts of “Death to America,” unanimously approved the outline of a
bill that would compel the Iranian government to resume uranium
enrichment. However, at the same time the bill outline was being
voted on, Iran’s delegation to the IAEA was keeping open the door of
negotiated settlement, noting that there was a good chance Iran could
reach a compromise deal with the European Union.
    The European Union was quick to jump at the opening, and soon
found itself engaged in direct talks with Iran on the issue of trade
incentives in exchange for Iran agreeing to suspend indefinitely its
nuclear enrichment activities. The British Foreign Minister, Jack
Straw, made it clear that diplomacy, and not war, was the only way
forward regarding Iran. “I don’t see any circumstances in which
military action would be justified against Iran, full stop,” Straw said. By
early November 2004 it had become clear that President Bush had
won a second term in office, creating an opening for the world to
make new progress in the Middle East, including Iran. “Not only is
that [war] inconceivable but I think the prospect of it happening is
inconceivable,” Straw told reporters. For its part, Iran appeared ready
to negotiate, continuing its pledge not to build nuclear weapons,
while insisting on its right to pursue peaceful nuclear technology.
    With the deadline of the November IAEA Board of Governors
meeting looming, the EU-3, with the help of the E.U. foreign policy
advisor, Javier Solano,   hammered     out an agreement with Iran that
came   to be known     as the “Paris Agreement.”       Signed in Paris on
156°                        “TARGET IRAN

November 15, the Paris Agreement was a sweeping document
tightened up the definitions concerning what Iran was obligated to
do regarding the suspension of enrichment, while noting that the
agreement was voluntary and not legally binding. In it the EU-3
recognized “Iran’s rights under the NPT exercised in conformity with
its obligations under the Treaty, without discrimination,” while Iran
reaffirmed that “in accordance with Article II of the NPT, it does not
and will not seek to acquire nuclear weapons” adding that Iran “com-
mits itself to full cooperation and transparency with the IAEA.” Iran
also promised to “continue to implement the Additional Protocol
voluntarily pending ratification.”
    But the clincher in the agreement, at least as far as the EU-3 were
concerned, was the part of the deal that specified that Iran, in order to
build further confidence, decided “. . . on a voluntary basis, to continue
and extend its suspension to include all enrichment related and repro-
cessing activities, and specifically: the manufacture and import of gas
centrifuges and their components; the assembly, installation, testing or
operation of gas centrifuges; work to undertake any plutonium separa-
tion, or to construct or operate any plutonium separation installation;
and all tests or production at any uranium conversion installation. The
IAEA will be notified of this suspension and invited to verify and mon-
itor it. The suspension will be implemented in time for the IAEA to con-
firm before the November Board that it has been put into effect. The
suspension will be sustained while negotiations proceed on a mutually
acceptable agreement on long-term arrangements.” The EU-3, in
return, recognized that “. . . this suspension is a voluntary confidence
building measure and not a legal obligation.” The document went on:

   Sustaining the suspension, while negotiations on a long-term
   agreement are under way, will be essential for the continuation
   of the overall process. In the context of this suspension, the
   E3/EU and Iran have agreed to begin negotiations, with a view
   to reaching a mutually acceptable agreement on long-term
   arrangements. The agreement will provide objective guaran-
   tees that Iran’s nuclear program is exclusively for peaceful pur-
   poses. It will equally provide firm guarantees on nuclear,
   technological and economic cooperation and firm commit-
   ments on security issues.
                              SCOTT   RITTER                          OP   Wesr7,



   A steering committee will meet to launch these negotiations in
   the first half of December 2004 and will set up working groups
   on    political and security issues, technology    and   cooperation,
   and nuclear issues. The steering committee shall meet again
   within three months to receive progress reports from the
   working groups and to move ahead with projects and/or
   measures that can be implemented in advance of an overall
   agreement.

   In the context of the present agreement and noting the
   progress that has been made in resolving outstanding issues,
   the    E3/EU   will   henceforth   support   the   Director   General
   reporting to the [AFA Board as he considers appropriate in the
   framework of the implementation of Iran’s Safeguards Agree-
   ment and Additional Protocol.

   The E3/EU will support the IAEA Director General inviting
   Iran to join the Expert Group on Multilateral Approaches to
   the Nuclear Fuel Cycle.

   Once suspension has been verified, the negotiations with the
   EU on a Trade and Cooperation Agreement will resume. The
   E3/EU will actively support the opening of Iranian accession
   negotiations at the WTO.

With the Paris Agreement inked, the IAEA Board of Governors had a
green light to issue the most mildly worded resolution since the Iran
crisis began back in early 2002. In addition to the Paris Agreement,
the IAEA Board of Governors had received an upbeat report from the
IAEA Director General,      Mohammed     El]-Baradei, about the status of
work between the IAEA and Iran. It appeared as if they IAEA was close
to closing the books on the Iranian nuclear program, especially when
considering the two primary outstanding issues of LEU/HEU con-
tamination, and the P-2 centrifuges.
   Concerning the contamination issue, El-Baradei reported “. . . the
Agency’s current overall assessment is that the environmental
sampling data available to date tends, on balance, to support Iran’s
statement about the origin of much of the contamination. However,”
                           4

158   e                          TARGET    IRAN


the   Director   General       reported,   “while     contamination      due   to
imported components and equipment is one possible explanation,
other possible explanations continue to be investigated by the
Agency, including the possibility of the contamination having
resulted from    undeclared      enrichment       activities conducted   by Iran,
from imported uranium not declared to the Agency and/or from
contaminated equipment imported from sources other than those
known to the Agency.” The IAEA report concluded that its “. . . cur-
rent overall assessment with respect to this issue is that the environ-
mental sampling data available to date tends, on balance, to support
Iran’s statement about the foreign origin of much of the observed
contamination.”
    On the issue of the P-2 centrifuges, the IAEA stated it had “. . . reit-
erated its previous requests for further information from Iran, along
with supporting documentation, on the procurement of magnets for
the P-2 centrifuges (in particular, on the sources of all such magnets),
including attempted procurement and enquiries about procurement,
and the procurement of any other relevant components, with a view
to facilitating completion by the Agency of its assessment of the P-2
experiments said to have been carried out by the private contractor
... Iran finally provided the Agency with copies of the contract and
the report, which had been informally translated by Iran in April
2004. These documents appear to confirm the Iranian statements
about the nature of the work requested of and carried out by the con-
tractor between 2002 and 2003.”
    Perhaps most significant was El-Baradei’s overall conclusion,
which held that “All the declared nuclear material in Iran has been
accounted for, and therefore such material is not diverted to prohib-
ited activities. The Agency is, however, not yet in a position to con-
clude that there are no undeclared nuclear materials or activities in
Iran. The process of drawing such a conclusion, after an Additional
Protocol is in force, is normally a time consuming process. In view of
the past undeclared nature of significant aspects of Iran’s nuclear
program,   and its past pattern of concealment,           however, this conclu-
sion can be expected to take longer than in normal circumstances. To
expedite this process, Iran’s active cooperation in the implementa-
tion of its Safeguards Agreement and Additional Protocol, and full
transparency, are indispensable.”
                             SCOTT   RITTER                       So



    One could not blame Iran for reading between the lines of the
IAEA report and thinking that the end was almost near. Negotiations
with the European Union on following up on the Paris Agreement
began soon after the IAEA report was issued. The EU-3 sent a pow-
erful delegation to Iran to carry out the discussions, including Great
Britain’s Jack Straw, France’s Michel Bernier, and Germany’s Joshka
Fischer, accompanied by the E.U. foreign policy advisor, Javier Solana.
The Chief Iranian negotiator was the Secretary of the National Secu-
rity Council, Hassan Rowhani. Mohammed El-Baradei also took part
in the meeting.
    The major problem with the Paris Agreement, however, lay not in
the details covering Iran’s obligations to suspend its enrichment pro-
grams, but rather with the duration of the suspension. The Paris
Agreement recognized that the Iranian suspension is non-binding,
temporary, and voluntary. What it failed to address was Iran’s position
that the suspension of enrichment activities could only go on for so
long. The Chairman of the Iranian Expediency Council, former Pres-
ident Hashemi Rafsanjani, put the world on notice as to Iran’s posi-
tion as to how long any suspension could be expected to go on for
when he said, “I do not think the ceiling of this period should be
more than six months to prove to them that Iran is not seeking mili-
tary applications.” The senior Iranian negotiator, Hassan Rowhani
stated clearly, “The duration of the suspension will only be for the
duration of the negotiations. And as I said before, when we say the
duration of the negotiations, we are talking about a few months.
There is no talk of years.”
    Israel and the United States had made clear their respective red
lines when it came to Iran’s nuclear ambitions: no enrichment. But
Iran had red lines of its own, as pointed out by the Supreme Leader,
Ayatollah Khamenei, who stated, “The Islamic Republic of Iran will def-
initely not abandon its nuclear activities, and this is our redline. The
diplomatic efforts and talks with the Europeans and the International
Atomic Energy Agency were conducted by observing this redline.”
    The bottom line was that the Paris Agreement was only a stop-gap
measure which, unless either Iran or the United States (and Israel)
were willing to alter their respective positions, was doomed to fail.
This, more than anything, explains the stance the Bush administra-
tion took in the wake of the signing of the Paris Agreement and the
                          4
160   e                       “TARGET   IRAN


positive IAEA report, in which the United States proclaiméd its wary
support of the EU-3 initiative. More than anything the United States
knew that this agreement was stillborn. It would undoubtedly fail of
its own accord in six months at best. This gave the Bush administra-
tion, which in the aftermath of the November 2004 victory in the
polls was undergoing a major shake-up of its foreign policy team,
time to regroup and reorganize, with an eye on June 2005 as being
the decisive month—a time period that just so happened to roughly
coincide to when the Paris Agreement was anticipated to start
floundering.
    The United States made an effort in December 2004 to further
streamline its effort to get Iran referred to the Security Council when
it undertook efforts to deny IAEA Director General Mohammed EI-
Baradei a third consecutive term in office. El-Baredei was a very
popular Director General, and had established a sound reputation
for fairness and toughness in handling not only the Iraqi, Iranian and
North Korean issues, but also in standing up to the United States on
the issue of Iraq’s nuclear program. When the United States encoun-
tered difficulty in generating any enthusiasm among even its closest
of allies to dump Ei-Baradei, John Bolton himself took the unusual
move to personally order and review communications intercepts
involving El-Baradei and Iran, in an effort to find some evidence of
wrong doing. None was discovered, and El-Baradei was confirmed for
his third term without issue. However, the bad blood between the
IAEA Director General and the United States continued.
    While the United States and the EU-3 were focused on the intri-
cacies of the Paris Agreement, other nations sought to expand their
interaction with Iran in other ways. China, which had already inked
multi-billion dollar deals with Iran involving oil and gas, signed an
even larger deal at the end of October 2004, solidifying Iran’s role as
key player in China’s ambitious economic growth plan for the next
twenty-five years. This was not a trivial event. Beyond the massive size
of the Chinese-Iranian economic interaction from a financial stand-
point is the significance of such a binding agreement from the polit-
ical perspective. The scale of the Chinese deal, when combined with
Iran’s stated objective of establishing an oil exchange (or bourse)
which would make use of the petroeuro as opposed to the petrodollar
represented a direct challenge to the supremacy of the U.S. dollar
                               SCOTT   RITTER                        e161



when it comes to the global oil market. The monopoly enjoyed by the
U.S. dollar when it comes to oil trading has kept its value at inflated
rates, especially when   one   considers   the level of the U.S.   national
debt. Any major shift away from the petrodollar to petroeuros would
result in a lessening of global demand for the dollar, with the likely
result being a calamitous drop in value of the dollar. Such a collapse
could very well damage the U.S. status as a world economic leader.
    The Chinese-Iranian oil and gas deal suddenly provided China
with a tremendous amount of leverage when it came to U.S.-Iranian
relations. China holds over $600 billion in U.S. currency reserves,
meaning that China would loose tremendously if the dollar collapsed.
As such, China found itself in a strategic swing position vis-a-vis
U.S.-Iranian relations. The size of the Chinese-Iranian energy relation-
ship is such that Iran could not set up a meaningful petroeuro bourse
without Chinese participation, and Chinese participation is doubtful
so long as China holds such vast U.S. currency reserves. The potential
of China to abandon its propping up of the U.S. dollar through its
extensive purchasing of U.S. debt presented a new reality that the
Bush administration simply could not ignore. By leveraging so much
of its future economic growth in Iranian energy, China had, in effect,
drawn its own red line around Iran. Any effort by the United States to
act precipitously against Iran would be seen by China as a direct attack
against its vital economic interests. Europe had surpassed the United
States as China’s number one trading partner, and as such made the
Euro a much desirable currency for trade. The real prospect of China
shifting its holding of U.S. bonds and dollars over to euros threatens
the viability of the U.S. economy in a way that nothing comes close to
in modern times. The combined effects of China dumping the U.S.
dollar and a crisis in oil availability brought on by a U.S. invasion of
Iran would result in the simultaneous devaluation of the dollar while
at the same time creating hyper-inflationary trends brought on by
extremely high oil prices that would impact the ability of the U.S.
government to fund even basic programs, yet alone the massive
deficit-driven budgets the Bush administration had been operating
under. In short, China alone possessed the ability to collapse the U.S.
economy if the United States invaded Iran.
    While some would argue that there would be no incentive for
China to behave in such an aggressive manner, one needs to only look
162    e                            '   TARGET   IRAN



so far as to the actions of the U.S. Congress, which in January 2005
passed a resolution condemning the European Union for pledging in
December 2004 to work to lift the arms embargo against China that
had been in effect since 1989. The fact is that many in Washington,
D.C., view China       as a threat to the United           States of America,   and
define the threat not only in economic terms, but also military. The
Bush       administration,   together with its allies in the U.S.         Congress,
seemed driven to push Europe and China as far away from the
embrace of the United States as possible. While such policies might
play well at home, with a domestic constituency ignorant of world
affairs, they did not go over well in either Brussels or Beijing.
    There was some hope that diplomacy would take on a new promi-
nence in a second Bush administration. While President Bush spoke
confidently about having received a ‘mandate’ from the American
people in the November 2004 election, the fact was that America
remained a much-divided nation, largely because of the Iraq war. The
lack of clarity concerning the future direction the newly elected tran-
sitional government of Iraq, voted in on January 30, 2005, would take
only further muddied the picture. As the reality emerged that Iraq
had, through a democratic process heavily influenced by the United
States, elected      a pro-Iranian        Shi’a theocracy,   it became    clear that
U.S.-Iranian affairs were no longer simply defined by the nuclear
issue, but also by what the Bush administration increasingly referred
to as Iranian meddling in the internal affairs of Iraq.
    However, by the end of January 2005 the Iraqi election results
were still unclear, and when the question of Iran was raised at the con-
firmation hearings of Condaleezza                Rice, President Bush’s choice to
replace Colin Powell as Secretary of State, the former National Secu-
rity Advisor put Congress on notice that she had no intention of soft-
ening the hard line towards Iran. “At some point, Iran has to be
called to account for its failure to meet its international obligations,”
she stated.
   Condi Rice’s confirmation as Secretary of State paved the way for
President Bush to carry out a charm offensive in Europe designed in
part to mend        fences   over       Iraq, and   to set a course    for improved
European—American relations, albeit on terms almost exclusively
favorable to the United States. However, media reports about a poten-
tial U.S.     military attack against Iran, and          the refusal    of the Bush
                             SCOTT   RITTER                      e   163



administration to reject such speculation outright (the President and
his staff called such reports ridiculous, but then noted that “all
options remained on the table”) incensed many European politicians
who believed that the best path towards peace with Iran lay through
diplomatic discourse of the sort set out in the Paris Agreement.
German politicians called the American threats “. . . a shot across the
bow for the European Union’s policy of negotiation.” Many Germans
viewed the U.S. statements on Iran as simply reflecting a decision by
the United States to expand upon its Iraqi policies, rather than reign
in such excessiveness.   “We need diplomatic solutions, not threats of
force,” another German politician noted. German politicians
appealed to the U.S. President to support, not hinder, the E.U.’s
diplomatic initiatives. “We would move forward much faster, if the
Americans didn’t just stand with their arms folded watching the Euro-
peans,” said another member of the German parliament.
    But the fact was that no German politician had the wherewithal or
political courage to stand up to the United States. Germany, together
with Britain and France, were behaving in a manner that was strikingly
similar to the behavior of British prime Minister Chamberlain in 1938
when he backed down over Hitler’s demands over the Sudetenland in
Czechoslovakia. In an effort to forestall another American illegal war
of aggression, the Europeans were negotiating with Iran to convince
the Iranians to give up a nuclear program that operated demonstrably
within the framework of international law. Europe committed to the
principle of Iranian legal rights regarding the enrichment of uranium,
all the while caving into pressure from the United States to deny Iran
this right. The inherently contradictory policy position taken by
Europe in this regard was clear to all, it seemed, except Europe. Iran
refused to give up its right to pursue the nuclear fuel cycle, while the
United States refused to give Europe any maneuver room in this regard.
   The subordinate role expected by the United States of Europe was
emphasized by President Bush himself, when during his initial speech
to NATO and EU leaders in Brussels, he extolled the virtues of a
revived transatlantic alliance while making veiled threats of new U.S.
unilateralism. Bush sought to bury the hatchet over Iraq, noting that
“Our strong friendship is essential to peace and prosperity across the
globe, and no temporary debate, no passing disagreement of govern-
ments, no power on Earth will ever divide us.”
164   6                        ‘)   TARGET   IRAN


    But then Bush turned around and delivered a slap to the face of
European diplomacy by reiterating that when it came to Iran, the
United States reserved the right to resort to military action. “In safe-
guarding the security of free nations,” he said, “No option can be
taken permanently off the table.”
    While President Bush was in Europe, the Russian government was
welcoming Iran’s top nuclear negotiator, Hassan Rowhani. In state-
ments meant to be heard by President Bush, Russian President
Vladimir Putin stated that the Iranian nuclear program was exclu-
sively for peaceful purposes. Following his meeting with president
Putin,    Hassan    Rowhani     announced      that Russia   and   Iran   were   to
shortly sign an accord that had Russia providing Iran with nuclear
fuel for its Bushehr reactor, and to send spent nuclear fuel from the
Russian-built reactor in Bushehr from Iran to Russia for reprocessing.
President Bush flew to Moscow for meetings with President Putin on
this matter, but left empty-handed. Shortly after Bush flew home,
Russia and Iran formally signed the nuclear fuel deal.
    The Russian-Iranian nuclear deal set off an explosion of protest
within the U.S. Congress. John McCain, a Republican senator from
Arizona, called for Russia’s exclusion from the July 2005 G-8 Summit
meeting. Showing just how pre-inclined the U.S. Congress was to
accept    at face   value     the   notion   of a   nuclear-armed    Iran, Jane
Harmon, the ranking Democrat on the House intelligence com-
mittee, joined McCain in condemning Russia, noting, “This is the
time to be tough with Russia. Iran going nuclear is a danger for the
entire world, including Russia.”
    The Congressional hand-wringing did not impress Europe, where
the E.U. Commission commented that the Russia nuclear fuel deal
was “compatible with our own approach,” noting that the Russian-
built reactors in Bushehr “. . . will operate under the close supervision
ofthe TARA”
    If the Bush visit to Europe was meant to create a solid front against
the Iranians over the issue of nuclear technology, it failed. In March
2005 the IAEA met once again to discuss Iranian compliance with its
safeguards agreement, as well as the Paris Agreement. IAEA Director
General El-Baradei delivered an upbeat assessment of the state of
affairs between the IAEA and Iran, noting, “Iran has facilitated
Agency access under its safeguards agreement and additional
                               SCOTT      RITTER                        Seis



protocol to nuclear material and facilities, and has also provided
access to other locations in the country, including a transparency visit
to a military site [i.e., Parchin].”


   We have continued to implement the measures of the addi-
   tional protocol by reviewing declarations made by Iran and
   conducting complementary access and other verification activi-
   ties. The Agency has also continued its verification of Iran’s
   voluntary suspension of enrichment and reprocessing related
   activities. The Agency has been making progress in two important
   issues, regarding the origin of the contamination on equipment
   at various locations in Iran in cooperation with the country
   concerned, and regarding follow-up on information provided
   by Iran on its centrifuge programmes.

However, when El-Baradei turned the stage over to the IAEA Deputy
Director for Safegueards, Pierre Goldschmidt, the tone of the IAEA’s
report changed considerably. According to Goldschmidt, Iran failed
to cooperate fully with the IAEA by not providing adequate
information about its uranium-enrichment program. Iran also
delayed IAEA access to some facilities suspected of playing a role in
nuclear weapons     research. Goldschmidt did note, as had E]-Baradei,
that Iran continued to observe its November pledge to suspend its
enrichment program.
    Goldschmidt’s main bone of contention with Iran lay in the IAEA’s
efforts to establish a firm documentary trail concerning Iran’s pro-
curement of P-1 and P-2 centrifuges, either in complete form, as
components, or in the form of design drawings, from the A. Q. Khan
network.   Iran   had   provided   some    documentation,    but these were
insufficient for the IAEA to have absolute certainty that there was not
an undeclared program. Complicating this investigation was the fact
that the IAEA was pursuing, in parallel, investigations in Malaysia,
Pakistan, and Dubai, as well as Iran.
   While nothing the IAEA collected directly contradicted what Iran
was saying regarding their procurement efforts, inconsistencies in the
four investigations, couples with Goldschmidt’s         back-door    access   to
Israeli intelligence which pointed to a covert centrifuge program in
Iran, cast doubt    in the minds       of the IAEA   investigators   as to the
166    e                     é     TARGET    IRAN



veracity of the Iranian claims. The United States and Israel were
focusing in on the initial 1987 meeting between Iran and A. Q. Khan,
believing that the Iranians were not revealing the entire scope of what
had been discussed at that time. The U.S. and Israeli concerns were
fueled by ongoing communications intercepts between Iran and Pak-
istan that hinted strongly at a cover-up. That a cover-up was underway
there was no doubt; whether it involved simply hiding details that
would      be embarrassing       to both    Iran and    Pakistan,   or whether   it
related to a covert nuclear program could not be ascertained. How-
ever, what was clear was that Iran was not in violation of its NPT obli-
gations in any aspect of its ongoing interaction with the IAEA,
regardless of the ire on the part of Pierre Goldschmidt. But this fact
was seldom highlighted by the United States, Israel, or the IAEA
inspectors.
      Likewise, Goldschmidt was unhappy about delays in access to the
Lavizan-Shian and Parchin facilities. Iran had granted the IAEA
access to Lavizan-Shian earlier, but was denying any renewed visit,
noting that the IAEA had already determined that environmental
samples taken there had turned up negative. The IAEA contended
that these results were irrelevant, given the fact that Iran had so thor-
oughly altered the site prior to the sampling campaign. Iran held
firm. Likewise, at the military facility in Parchin, the [AEA had indi-
cated that it was interested in four locations. The Iranians, stating
that the facility was a sensitive military installation, said the IAEA
could pick one location for a visit. The IAEA did, and nothing was
found. Goldschmidt again viewed the Iranian actions in a negative
light. However, because these sites are not safeguarded, the IAEA has
limited authority to visit them without evidence that Tehran is con-
ducting nuclear activities there, evidence             that Goldschmidt,   despite
his Israeli intelligence contacts, was unable to provide.
    The report by Pierre Goldschmidt, rather than the one delivered
by El-Baradei, more accurately reflected the underlying reality con-
cerning the state of affairs between the European Union and Iran
when it came to negotiating the specifics of the Paris Agreement. Since
negotiations began back in December 2004, there had been no signif-
icant progress. Under increasing pressure from the United States, the
EU-3 pressed Iran hard for a commitment to permanently suspend its
nuclear enrichment programs. This the Iranians refused to do.
                             SCOTT   RITTER                       *   167



   Europe tried to soften the Iranians by offering a number of eco-
nomic incentives, and had their hand strengthened in mid-March
when   the new   U.S. Secretary of State, Condaleezza    Rice, indicated
that the United States was willing to suspend its objections to Iran
joining the World Trade Organization, as well as suspend specific eco-
nomic sanctions concerning the sale of spare parts for aircraft, if lran
would give up its enrichment programs. Iran refused on all counts.
    From the Iranian perspective, the cessation of enrichment activity
was a temporary confidence building measure that would stay in place
until the IAEA could confirm the peaceful nature of Iran’s nuclear
program, at which time the freeze would be lifted and Iran would pro-
ceed with the full scope of nuclear activity permitted under the NPT,
and under full IAEA monitoring. However, it was becoming clear to
Tehran that, regardless of what the Europeans had signed up to in the
Paris Agreement, the EU-3 had no intention of allowing Iran to pos-
sess an indigenous enrichment capability, and in effect had subordi-
nated European diplomacy to U.S. policy objectives.
    The Iranians were bending over backward to find some common
ground. In March the Iranians tabled a deal in which they would
agree to limit the scope of their enrichment program to a single
facility housing only 3,000 centrifuges, versus the 50,000 they had
originally envisioned. This plant, the Iranians noted, would be under
full [AEA monitoring. Iran also promised to ratify the Additional Pro-
tocol, and to allow the IAEA “intrusive inspection access” to other
facilities throughout Iran, including military sites. The United States
rejected the Iranian initiative, noting that it would still provide Iran
with the personnel and expertise that could be used in a secret cen-
trifuge facility.
    The Iranian intransigence only reinforced the concerns of hard-
liners in both the United States and Israel that Iran had intent to
develop nuclear weapons.    Indeed, during a visit to President Bush’s
Crawford, Texas ranch in mid-April 2005, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel
Sharon presented Bush with fresh Israeli intelligence, inclusive of
Israeli satellite photography, which Sharon said reinforced the Israeli
contention that Iran not only possessed a nuclear weapons program,
but that the program was well advanced. This information had also
been shared with Pierre Goldschmidt and Olli Heinonen at the IAEA,
further entrenching their hard-line position vis-a-vis Iran. The combined
168    e                     ‘   TARGET   IRAN



pressure brought to bear behind the scenes by the IAEA, United
States and Israelis pushed the EU-3 negotiators to harden their own
line concerning Iran’s cessation of enrichment activities. By the end
of April the Iranians were threatening to walk out of the Paris Agree-
ment negotiations altogether, and resume enrichment activities. In a
near panic, the EU-3 proposed a meeting in mid-May in which the
framework would be set for a sweeping EU-3 proposal to be pre-
sented to Iran by August. Mollified,.Iran agreed to continue the
negotiations.
      The   United   States was biding its time, confident   that the EU-3
negotiations with Iran would eventually breakdown. Meanwhile,
preparations were underway for a big showdown with Iran in June.
President Bush surprised almost the entire world when, in March
2005, he nominated        the primary architect of America’s   Iran policy,
John Bolton, to be the next U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations.
Bush could not have sent a stronger signal about his ultimate inten-
tions than sending to the U.N. a man who had, throughout his career,
openly mocked the world organization. The goal was simple—to put
in place a no-nonsense representative who would aggressively push
the Bush agenda at the Security Council, up to and including forcing
a showdown over Iran when that issue was finally referred by the
IAFA. Because when it came to the issue of Iran, the Bush adminis-
tration ultimately had only a single policy objective: regime change,
at any cost.
                                    NIX
                               Endgame


IN   THE    MINDS     OF   MANY   Of his followers,    he was a living Martyr,
having narrowly escaped death when, in June 1981, a bomb hidden
inside a tape recorder exploded, causing permanent injury, yet leaving
him alive. His religious studies took him from Mashhad, in Azeri
northern Iran, to the Shi’a holy city of Najaf, in Iraq, and then on to the
Iranian    holy city of Qom,      where   he studied     under    the Ayatollah
Khomeini. As the influence of the Ayatollah Khomeini rose, so did his,
and in the autumn of 1979 he was elevated to the highly visible and
important post of leader of the Friday Prayers in Tehran. In 1981 he was
elected as President of Iran, the first cleric to hold the position, and in
1985 he was re-elected. A close associate of the Ayatollah Khomeini, he
ensured that the policies pursued by the Iranian government were
conservative in nature, and in keeping with the ideals and vision of
the Iranian revolution and Islamic law. When the Grand Ayatollah
Khomeini     died   in 1989,   he was   elected   as Khomeini’s    successor   as
Supreme     Leader    of Iran.    Holding    staunchly    anti-Western   views,
including publicly advocating for the elimination of Israel in 2000, he
is seen as an extremely conservative leader who is a staunch advocate of
Islam. And yet, despite all of this, the Ayatollah Ali Hossayni Khamenei
may represent the best hope for a diplomatic resolution of the Iranian
nuclear crisis.
    Ever since the Iranian revolution published its December 1979
constitution (amended in 1989 to pave the way for the legitimacy of Ali
i FAe)   ©                »..   TARGET   IRAN



Khamenei     as the heir to the Ayatollah       Khomeini),   the political,
economic,    and social policies of the Islamic Republic of Iran have
been governed by the principles of Islamic, or Shari’a, law as inter-
preted by the Jaafari sect of the Shi’a faith, which serves as the official
religion of Iran. The Iranian constitution calls for a Supreme Leader
to be selected by eighty-six “virtuous and learned men” known as the
Assembly of Experts, elected by the people of Iran. The Supreme
Leader then appoints a Guardian Council of the Constitution, com-
prised of twelve members, six of whom are selected by the Supreme
Leader, and six of whom are selected by the Iranian judiciary. The
Guardian Council has the responsibility of interpreting the Iranian
constitution, as well as determining the qualification (based upon
compatibility with the ideals and values set forth in the constitution)
of anyone running for elected office, especially the presidency or
parliament (and even the Assembly of Experts). The Guardian
Council can veto any legislation of the Iranian Parliament, or Majlis.
If the Parliament votes to override the veto of the Guardian Council,
then the matter is referred to the Expediance       Council, which then
resolves the dispute in consultation with the Supreme Leader. The
Supreme Leader is the commander in chief of the Iranian military,
and has absolute powers over all military, intelligence and security
operations, and is the only person empowered within Iran to declare
war. The Supreme Leader’s powers are only limited by the Assembly
of Experts, which can vote to remove the Supreme Leader from office
at any time.
    Since the inception of the IAEA-Iran stand-off of Iran’s nuclear
programs, the Ayatollah Khamenei, had been following the issue
closely. His decision to have the Secretary of Iran’s Supreme National
Security Council, Hasan Rowhani, serve as the overseer of the nuclear
negotiations with the IAEA demonstrated the seriousness in which
                                SCOTT    RITTER                          Cy Al|



aie                decision of the parliament had everything to do with
 omestic   politics, and   nothing      to do with   Iran’s national   security,
since the Supre                         supreme on that issue. Iranian par=_

                  ‘ ORNS          Mee       eels




             HOT      go t            . However, Khamenei reigns
supreme when it comes to such issues, and having codified his deci-
sion in the form     of a fatwa, Khamenei         wrapped   policy with Islam,
making any deviation from the stated course as set forth in the fatwa
reasons for removal from office by the Assembly of Experts.
    Khamenei understood the domestic political sensitivity of Iran’s
nuclear program, and the ease in which it could be hijacked by those
willing to exploit mass sentiment. Any effort by the West, especially
the United States and Israel, to use the nuclear standoff as a vehicle
to foment internal unrest inside Iran was doomed to fail. The Iranian
people had, by and large, rallied around the nuclear issue as a matter
of national pride. It was Khamenei’s         intent, however,   to make    sure
these nationalistic sentiments did not go overboard and manifest
themselves into a public cry for Iran to pursue a nuclear weapon. In
June 2005, at the height of a bitterly contested presidential election,
the Ayatollah Khamenei went out of his way to pound this point home
in a speech he delivered on the occasion of the anniversary of the death
of the Ayatollah    Khomeini,   June 4 2005. “The world and the countries
that want to secure their future are all against the monopoly of
nuclear technology by a few countries,” Khamenei said. “To say that
no country has the right to have access to nuclear technology means
that in 20 years’ time, all of the countries of the world will have to beg
certain Western or European countries to meet their energy
demands. They will have to beg for energy in order to run their lives.
Which country, nation, or honest official is ready to take that? Today,
our nation has taken a step forward in this road. It has become the
pioneer and stands courageously by this end. Iran is not a threat to
any country and everyone knows this fact about Iran. We have not
threatened neighbouring countries.”
    Khamenei then turned his sights on the Bush administration. “We
are not a threat whatsoever to the world and the world knows it. The
Uv ie4: O                                TARGET       IRAN



Americans,         with     their   shameless        propagandas,   want   to_ influence
world public opinion. However, they haven’t yet managed to do so
and will not be able to do so in the future either . . . their other issue
is that Iran seeks a nuclear bomb. It is an irrelevant and wrong state-
ment, it is a sheer lie. \



            >   Nave   an    OuUN    A   Uf}

   Khameini had no desire to pursue a conflict with either the
United States or Israel. In the wake of the overthrow of Saddam Hus-
sein, he had been the one behind the reaching out, via Switzerland,
to the United States in April 2003, and had authorized his represen-
tative to put peace with Israel on the table. The fact that the Bush
administration had failed to respond in any fashion to the initiative
(other than formally criticize the Swiss ambassador for even for-
wading such a communication in the first place) did not sway
Khamenei from continuing to articulate a moderate approach
towards resolving the differences between Iran and the United States.
But Khamenei had a very uphill struggle to convince the United
States that he was sincere. The United States, in the form of the Bush
administration, seemed more determined than ever to force an ulti-
mate confrontation with Iran.
   John Bolton’s nomination as the U.S. Ambassador to the United
Nations coincided with an increased effort by the CIA to influence
the upcoming Iranian Presidential elections in June 2005. Rather
than actually trying to pick a winning candidate, the CIA was simply
trying to foster public discontent which would manifest itself in
public demonstrations and other forms of civil dissent. If enough
instability could be generated, the Iranian regime of the Mullahs just
might, in the minds of those formulating policy in Washington, D.C.,
fall of its own volition. And if not, then it would be so weakened as to
make it vulnerable to a major air strike operating in concert with civil
unrest. The feeling in some                    circles in Washington,   D.C., was that if
the United States demonstrated its resolve by bombing Iran in a
decisive fashion, striking not just nuclear targets but an entire range
of governmental and national security targets, then the people of
Iran might be emboldened enough to take matters into their own
hands and drive the Mullahs from power.
                              SCOTT    RITTER                          Oj)   Aes)



   There were a number of problems with the U.S. strategy. First of
all, there was tremendous dissatisfaction within the U.S. Congress
over the selection of John Bolton as U.S. Ambassador. The goal was to
have him confirmed and in his office in New York by April or May at
the latest. June came and went, and Bolton had still yet to be con-
firmed. Second, the IAEA was unable to produce any smoking gun evi-
dence that could prove that Iran had a covert nuclear program. This
made any hope of refering the Iran case from the IAEA to the Secu-
rity Council in June 2005 unlikely. Third, the EU-3 negotiations with
Iran were still viable. Finally, and perhaps most critically, the U.S. had
failed miserably in its effort to influence the Iranian presidential
election. In a shock result, the arch-conservative mayor of Tehran,
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, was elected President. Ahmadinejad imme-
diately declared that his election marked a major victory for Islam,
and the dawn of a new era. “Thanks to the blood of the martyrs, a new
Islamic revolution has arisen and the Islamic revolution of 1384 [the
current Iranian year] will, if God wills, cut off the roots of injustice in
the world,”   he said. “The   wave    of the Islamic   revolution   will soon
reach the entire world.”
   Almost as soon as his victory was declared, the White House, in a
move carefully choreographed with the news media, identified
Ahmadinejad as one of the hostage takers when the U.S. Embassy was
overrun by Iranian revolutionaries back in 1979. The U.S. claims,
based upon the personal recollections of some of the surviving
hostages, were backed up by unconvincing grainy photographic
images which were said to show Ahmadinejad leading the hostages
away, quickly fell apart, but in making these claims the Bush adminis-
tration was firing the initial salvo of what would become a war of words
and fiery rhetoric between two extremely conservative opponents.
   June also brought with it an escalation in tension between the
Iranians and the EU-3 over the status of the Paris Agreement
negotiations. The Iranians remained committed to the suspension of
its enrichment activities, but needed the EU-3 to make progress. The
EU-3, under pressure from the United States, was pressuring Iran to
cease its enrichment program altogether, something Iran refused to
consider. At the same time, Iran, working with Russia, was considering
a Russian offer to enrich Iranian uranium. The Russian deal was
unclear as to whether it would involve lightly processed Iranian
174   e                             TARGET   IRAN



uranium ore, or Iranian produced uranium hexafluoride. In any
event, the Russian offer added another twist in the ongoing negotia-
tions. In order to help create movement with the EU-3, Iran offered
to limit its centrifuge operations to a few hundred centrifuges,
backing down from the earlier offer to limit centrifuge operations to
some 3,000. However, the United States had made its position clear:
Iran had to totally dismantle its enrichment facilities. Not a single
centrifuge would be allowed to operate, under the U.S. position.
While the EU-3 did not formally convey their position in such stark
terms, they viewed dismantlement of the facilities a logical step once
Iran agreed to a complete suspension of enrichment. No one seemed
to be listening when Iran said that nothing could make it give up its
enrichment efforts.
    The June 2005 IAEA Board of Governors meeting went by without
issue, with both the IAEA Director General, Mohammed                E]I-Baradei,
and       the   Deputy   Director    for   Safeguards,   Pierre   Goldschmidt,
restating their reports from March 2005, with only a few technical
changes. Both El-Baredai and Goldschmidt expressed dissatisfaction
with the pace and level of cooperation on the part of Iran, although
neither could provide any information to sustain any notion of any
undeclared nuclear-related activity inside Iran. However, there was a
disturbing trend taking place within the IAEA reporting. Rather than
emphasizing what was being found in Iran, and putting that in con-
text, the IAEA was beginning to head down the analytical path of
assessing what was not being found, and assessing that in the context
of what other parties were speculating might exist in Iran. In short,
the Iranian government was, more and more, being asked to prove a
negative. And, as had been the case in Iraq years before, the more the
Iranians cooperated, the more speculation ran rampant in the IAEA
and elsewhere. It seemed that the world was very much in danger of
repeating the same mistakes all over again, allowing genuine non-pro-
liferation to be subordinated to a policy of regime change. Iran was
becoming increasingly fed up with the IAEA/EU-3 process, and on
August 1, 2005 brought the issue to a head by informing the IAEA
that it intended to resume uranium conversion operations at the
Esfahan facility, in short resuming operations to convert uranium
oxide into uranium tetraflouride, and then to uranium hexafluoride.
The Iranian announcement              also put the IAEA and the EU-3 on
                                  SCOTT    RITTER                              nS



notice that Iran would not brook continued affronts to its dignity and
national security by acceding to a total freeze on enrichment activities
indefinitely.
    “Iran has worked closely with the Agency [IAEA], during the
course of the last two years, to deal with the issues and questions
raised about its peaceful nuclear program,” the Iranian letter stated.
“All significant issues, particularly those related to the sources of
HEU,   have    now     been   resolved.    Indeed,   except     for few questions,
mostly speculative, nothing more remains to close this Chapter.”

The Iranians had harsh words for the IAEA. “Regrettably, Iran
received very little, if anything, in return and instead has repeatedly
expanded its voluntary confidence building measures only to be
reciprocated by broken promises and expanded requests. The
October 2003 promises of the E3 on nuclear cooperation and
regional security and non-proliferation have yet to be even
addressed     . . . the E3/EU     has yet to honor        its recognition,    in the
Paris Agreement of November 2004, of ‘Iran’s rights under the NPT
exercised in conformity with its obligations under the Treaty,
without discrimination.’ ”
   “After over three months of negotiations following the Paris
Agreement,”      the   Iranians   noted,     “it became       evident   the   E3/EU
simply wanted prolonged and fruitless negotiations, thereby preju-
dicing the exercise of Iran’s inalienable right to resume its legal
enrichment activities, and did not have the intention or the ability
to present its proposals on objective guarantees on peaceful nature
of Iran’s nuclear program,        as well as firm guarantees on economic,
technological and nuclear cooperation and firm commitments                       on
security issues.”
   “It is now self-evident,” the Iranians concluded, “that negotiations
are not proceeding as called for in the Paris Agreement, due to
E3/EU policy to protract the negotiations without the slightest
attempt to move forward in fulfilling their commitments under the
Tehran or Paris Agreements. This protracted continuation is solely
geared to serve the purpose of keeping the suspension in place for as
long as it takes to make the cessation a fait accompli. This is contrary to
the letter and spirit of the Paris Agreement and is not in line with
principles of good faith negotiations.”
176    e                    -   TARGET    IRAN



      Then the Iranians dropped their bombshell, in effect calling the
bluff of the EU-3 and the IAEA:


      “As the IAEA Board of Governors has underlined, suspension
      ‘is a voluntary, non-legal binding confidence building
      measure’. When the Board itself explicitly recognizes that sus-
      pension is ‘not a legally-binding obligation’, no wording by the
      Board can turn this voluntary measure into an essential ele-
      ment for anything. In fact the Board of Governors has no fac-
      tual or legal ground, nor any statutory power, to make or
      enforce   such   a   demand,   or   impose   ramifications   as   a
      consequence of it. In light of the above, Iran has decided to
      resume the uranium conversion activities at the UCF in
      Esfahan on | August 2005.”

    In a near panic, the EU-3 on August 5, 2005 rushed to get out
its much-delayed concrete proposal regarding how to go forward
vis-a-vis the Paris Agreement. As the Iranians had predicted, the
document represented nothing new. In fact, it not only largely
repeated a proposal put forward by the EU-3, and which had been
rejected by Iran, prior to the acceptance by all parties of the Paris
Agreement, but it also incorporated in its entirety the U.S.-Israeli
position that Iran could not have a nuclear enrichment program in
any way, shape or form. It also called upon Iran to accept condi-
tions that went well beyond anything required of the NPT (one
especially bold recommendation was that Iran would accept “...a
legally binding commitment not to withdraw from the NPT and to
keep all Iranian nuclear facilities under IAEA safeguards under all
circumstances,” and to allow “. . . IAEA inspectors to visit any site
or interview any person they deem relevant to their monitoring of
nuclear activity in Iran.” In short, the EU-3 incentives package said
that there would be one standard for Iran when it came to the NPT
and nuclear energy, and another standard for the rest of the world.
   Not unexpectedly, Iran rejected the EU-3 proposal outright. In its
angry letter responding to the EU-3 proposal, Iran held back no
punches. “The proposal presented by the E3/EU on August 5, 2005,”
the Iranian letter read, “is a clear violation of international law and
                             SCOTT   RITTER                        OTe,



the Charter of the United Nations, the NPT, Tehran        Statement and
the Paris Agreement of November 15, 2004.”

   The proposal self-righteously assumes rights and licenses for the
   E3 which clearly go beyond or even contravene international law
   and assumes obligations for Iran which have no place in law or
   practice.
       The proposal incorporates to a series of one sided and self
   serving extra-legal demands from Iran, ranging from accepting
   infringements on its sovereignty to relinquishing its inalienable
   rights.

   ¢ It seeks to intimidate Iran into accepting intrusive and illegal
     inspections which go well beyond the Safeguards Agreement
     or the Additional Protocol as well as the provisions of the
     IAEA Statute and its mandate;
   ¢ It asks Iran to abandon most of its peaceful nuclear program;
   ¢ It also seeks to establish a subjective, discriminatory and base-
     less set of criteria for Iranian nuclear program.
   e Such criteria would effectively dismantle most of Iran’s
     peaceful nuclear infrastructure;
   ¢ Criteria that if applied globally, would only monopolize the
     nuclear industry for the Nuclear Weapon States.

“The proposal,” the Iranians concluded, “not only violates the Paris
Agreement, but in fact makes a mockery of that agreement . . . the
proposal is extremely long on demands from Iran and absurdly short
on offers to Iran and it shows the lack of any attempt to even create a
semblance of a balance. It amounts to an insult on the Iranian nation,
for which the E3 must apologize.”
    Far from apologizing, the EU-3 released a statement that might as
well have been drafted in Washington, D.C., or Tel Aviv. In high-handed
tones void of any foundation in law as set forth by either the NPT or any
IAFA resolution, the EU-3 noted that many questions still existed about
the exclusively peaceful nature of Iran’s nuclear program, and hinted at
the existence of a nuclear weapons effort by noting that “. . . we do not
believe that Iran has any operational need to engage in fissile material
17S     e                            TARGET     IRAN                =



production activities of its own, nor any other reason to resume activity
at Esfahan, if the intentions of its nuclear program are exclusively
peaceful . . . any such resumption of currently suspended activities,
including uranium conversion, will only further heighten international
concern about the real objective of Iran’s nuclear program.”

The Iranian actions, precipitous as they appeared, were born out of
an increasing frustration on the part of the Ayatollah Khamenei that
the United States was using the EU-3 negotiations as a vehicle to per-
petuate a freeze of Iran’s nuclear enrichment program. The Iranians
had invested considerable resources into developing such a capa-
bility, and had thousands of highly trained technicians standing by,
doing nothing, while the freeze was in effect. With no serious move-
ment underway on the part of the Europeans, Iran had no choice,
from the standpoint of Khamenei, other than to resume operations,
if even on a limited scope.
     Needless to say, the Iranian actions did not go over well, either in
Europe or with the IAEA. President Bush appeared on Israeli televi-
sion,       and   reiterated   the   position   of his   administration   that   “all
options remained on the table” when dealing with Iran.
    Mohammed ElI-Baradei, the IAEA Director General, immediately
stepped forward and stated that the only way to resolve the situation
with Iran was through diplomacy. El-Baradei was in an unenviable
position. He had just survived a bid by the United States to block his
appointment to a third term as IAEA Director General. The United
States, spearheaded by John Bolton, was not happy at what it per-
ceived to be El-Baradei’s weak stance on both the North Korean and
Iranian issues, as well as the much publicized position El-Baradei took
before the invasion of Iraq in March 2003, in which he directly con-
tradicted the Bush administrations position that Iraq had a nuclear
weapons program (EI]-Baradei had been proven correct). El-Baradei
was up for the Nobel Peace Prize, and did not want to be seen by
anyone as being controversial in any way. As such, he needed to bend
with the political winds that were howling in Vienna about Iran,
refusing to show any softness to the Iranian position while not
endorsing anything other than diplomacy when it came to resolution
of the problem.
    The United States wasn’t going to make it easy for El-Baradei. In
August President Bush, sidestepping growing discontent in the U.S.
                             SCOTT   RITTER                         Or il vA=)



Senate with his nomination for U.S. Ambassador to the United
Nations, John Bolton, made a recess appointment that put the hard-
line neoconservative right back into the Iranian issue, at a time when
the United States was aggressively pushing for the Security Council to
be taking over the Iran file. This meant Bolton would be well placed
to push the Bush administration’s agenda.
    Fortunately for El-Baradei, he had some powerful allies when it came
to pursuing a diplomatic solution. German Chancellor Gerhard
Schroeder,   likewise responding to President Bush’s words, said, “Let’s
take the military option off the table. We have seen it doesn’t work.”
Russia, a veto wielding member of the U.N. Security Council, also came
down strongly on the side of diplomacy, issuing an official statement that
said “We favor further dialogue and consider the use of force in Iran
counter-productive and dangerous, something which can have grave
and hardly predictable consequences . . . We consider that problems
concerning Iraq’s nuclear activities should be solved through political
and diplomatic means, on the basis of international law and Tehran’s
close cooperation with the International Atomic Energy Agency.”
   E]-Baradei was a thorn in the side of the Bush administration, espe-
cially when it came to the issue of Iran’s nuclear programs. The Bush
administration believed that the Iranian case should be open and
closed, and that El-Baradei’s diplomatic demeanor was not only out of
line for a technical agency, but more importantly being used by Iran
to buy time until it could solidify its nuclear weapons program. But EI-
Baradei was not one to roll over. He had long criticized what he
believed to be the hypocritical position taken by the United States and
others when it came to pursuing restrictive non-proliferation policies
abroad while expanding their own nuclear weapons programs at
home. “We must abandon the unworkable notion that it is morally
reprehensible for some countries to pursue weapons of mass destruc-
tion,” El-Baradei said, “yet morally acceptable for others to rely on
them for security—and indeed continue to refine their capacities and
postulate plans for their use.” E]-Baradei was in particular   concerned




   However, there are two sides to every coin, and El-Baradei had like-
180   e                    ‘   TARGET    IRAN



wise to address the concerns in Europe and the United States over the
Iranian actions of August 2005. Under the growing threat of war, on
September     2, 2005,   Mohammed       El-Baradei    reported    to the IAEA
Board of Governors       that he was unable     to conclude,     “there are no
undeclared    nuclear materials or activities in Iran.” It didn’t matter
that El-Baradei could not point to any Hous that suggested there
was in fact any   undeclared les          or activi        istent inside Iran.



                              th. El-Baradei recognized the extra-legal
aspects of his investigation, stating that Tehran alone held the key to
solving the problem, but that this would require Iran to provide the
IAEA with documents and access to facilities for which Iran had no
legal obligation to do. Rather than clearing up any remaining out-
pace issues caine E]-Baradei pretty much closed the — on




history of Iran’s Weiser programs, asking questions about activities
that dated back to 1985.
    As a result of El-Baradei’s report, the IAEA Board of Governor’s
engaged in a heated debate over what to do with Iran. The United
States, this time joined by the European Union, argued strongly for a
referral to the Security Council. Russia and China, along with the
non-aligned   nations, resisted such a referral, and demanded            more
time for diplomacy. In a compromise, the Board declared that “Iran’s
many failures and breaches of its obligations to comply with its NPT
Safeguards Agreement . . . constitute non compliance,” and that “the
history of concealment of Iran’s nuclear activities . . . the nature of
these activities, issues brought to light in the course of the Agency’s
verification of declarations made by Iran since September 2002 and
the resulting absence of confidence that Iran’s nuclear program is
exclusively for peaceful purposes have given rise to questions that are
within the competence of the Security Council, as the organ bearing
the main responsibility for the maintenance of international peace
and security.” However, rather that referring Iran to the Security
Council immediately, an act that Russia and China would have
                             SCOTT    RITTER                      *   181



opposed, the IAEA decided to address the timing and content of any
report to the Security Council at a later date.

The IAEA Board’s resolution sent a strong signal to Iran that it
needed to cooperate, but it also reinforced Iran’s point that what the
IAEA asked ofit was above and beyond that which was required by law.
In it resolution, the IAEA noted that the IAEA’s continued efforts to
“follow up on information pertaining to Iran’s nuclear program and
activities that could be relevant to that Program” were hampered by
the fact that the IAEA’s legal authority to pursue such issues were lim-
ited. In order to get around these issues, the IAEA, in its resolution,
endorsed Iran as a special verification case requiring Iran to submit to
restrictions above and beyond that required by the NPT.
    El-Baradei was “encouraged” that the resolution provides an
opportunity for continued diplomacy, remarking that “the ball now is
with Iran to continue to cooperate with the agency as early as pos-
sible.” However, in Tehran the decision of the [AEA’s Board was con-
demned. The Iranians threatened to end its voluntary adherence to
the Additional Protocol, and cancel the remainder of what it called its
“voluntary and temporary concessions,” such as its suspension of
enrichment activities, unless the IAEA reversed its decision. Noting
the implicit threat of referral to the Security Council, the Iranian For-
eign Ministry likewise threatened that Iran might respond to any such
referral by withdrawing from the NPT altogether. The representatives
of Ayatollah Khamenei, however, offered a more diplomatic response,
stating that Iran would continue     to adhere to the NPT, and that the
extent of Iran’s response would be determined by what the EU-3
offered next.
    Even while controversy swirled around the IAEA Board’s resolu-
tion, Mohammed E]-Baradei was pushed even more into the inter-
national spotlight by being awarded the 2005 Nobel Peace Prize.
Even Iran felt that El-Baradei deserved the award. But while El-
Baradei’s awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize added increased credi-
bility to the cause of diplomacy, there were those who continued to
push aggressively for a military response. In the immediate after-
math of the IAEA vote, a delegation of Israeli members of parlia-
ment traveled to the United States, warning that America and its
allies must act to stop, by force if necessary, Iran’s nuclear weapons
182   e                 ‘   TARGET   IRAN



program. Israel, the Israeli lawmakers said, would act unilaterally if
nothing were done.
    The Israeli parliamentarian’s words, combined with similar rhet-
oric in Washington, D.C., as well as growing speculation in the Amer-
ican media concerning a U.S. or Israeli es strike eeauee Iran,
on further radicalized Iran’s firebran

                     t didn’t matter that Ahmadinejad had no power
YAR       it when it came to Meee force against any threat, domestic
                              1 wi       Supreme Leader, Khamenei




                   as niente att    s statement tineeauolt the world’s
attention, elevating Iran as a genuine threat in the mind of much of
the public, in America and elsewhere.
    Ahmadinejad’s verbal gaffe opened the door for the Bush admin-
istration, which knew that the way ahead was paved towards a referral
to the Security Council. All the United States needed to do was feign
interest in diplomacy. The new Secretary of State, Condaleezza Rice,
met with her counterparts in Russia to encourage the Russians to
work with the EU-3 to come up with creative solutions in resolving the
IAEA-Iran standoff. This was done not from any interest in diplomacy,
but rather in co-opting the Russians by having them buy into a
process (E.U.-based economic incentives in exchange for Iran’s drop-
ping completely its nuclear enrichment program) that was doomed
to fail because the United States had no intention of ever seeing it
succeed.
    Reality likewise tempered the American decision to appear diplo-
matic. While Europe had acted with a united front in pushing for the
IAEA to refer Iran to the Security Council in September, the fact that
the Russians and Chinese had abstained from the vote meant that any
such referral would be meaningless. Moving forward precipitously
would only threaten to break apart international consensus. The
failure of Russia and China to block the IAEA resolution meant that
there was an opening that could be exploited, the Europeans
believed, and they lobbied hard for American support of the diplo-
matic track.
                             SCOTT   RITTER                           e183



    Washington concurred, even going so far as to support a European
initiative that allowed Iran to produce uranium hexafluoride, so long
as it was processed outside Iran. The European proposal mirrored
one being made by the Russians, indicating that the European
approach of wooing the Russians in through diplomacy was working.
The Europeans believed that should Iran reject a joint European-
Russian approach, the Russians would have no choice but to support
referral to the Security Council.
    But even as the United States publicly supported a diplomatic pos-
ture vis-a-vis Iran, behind the scenes it was redoubling its effort to
poison the well by hyping the threat of an Iranian nuclear weapons
program. Since the summer of 2005, the United States had been
pushing new intelligence it had, in the form ofa laptop computer that
had materialized from mysterious sources. The laptop contained files
and drawings that the United States claimed linked the Iranian
nuclear program to military use, including drawings of what the
United States claimed to be a nuclear warhead. The existence of the
laptop and its contents was leaked to the press, setting off a storm of
public debate about the threat posed by Iran.
    The laptop was a product of a joint cooperation between the Israeli
intelligence service and their German counterparts. Using sources
developed from inside Iran, the Germans were apparently able to gain
access to certain internal computerized working files related to
ongoing research and development on a tri-conic re-entry vehicle for
the Iranian Shahib-3 missile. The Shahib-3 missile had a longer range
than the SCUD     missile upon which it was based, and as such had a
much greater re-entry speed as it neared impact. This higher speed
was too much for the conventional warhead design to handle, and as
a result the warhead would tumble and spin, either failing to detonate
or missing its intended target by many miles. The use of a tri-conic
design would enable the Shahib-3 warhead to remain relatively stable
during re-entry, increasing the reliability and accuracy of the missile.
    The United States misrepresented the tri-conic warhead design
material as evidence of an Iranian nuclear warhead design. Likewise,
the laptop made reference to a Green Salt project in Iran, which
linked   the   manufacture   of uranium       tetra   fluoride   (sometimes
referred to as green salt) to the Iranian military. Other documents
dealt with alleged high-explosive tests that were said to be related to
184   e                   *..   TARGET   IRAN



an Iranian nuclear weapons program. While the warhead files might
have had some relation to actual ongoing projects inside Iran, how-
ever peripheral, the green salt documents were extremely dubious,
raising the specter of a falsification of data. The high-explosive test
data likewise was so general as to provide nothing of substance
towards linking it to any nuclear-specific activity. What made this par-
ticular data somewhat suspicious, however, was that the Israelis had
been telling the IAEA, in particular Olli Heinonen, about high explo-
sive tests being conducted at the Parchin military facility. The link
between the lap-top data and Israel’s earlier intelligence could be
viewed as coincidence, but some European intelligence officials
believe that there is a link, and that link is Israel, and as such the
whole package of intelligence that is included in the lap-top is
questionable in terms of its overall veracity. The Iranians, for their
part, called the laptop intelligence “total fabrication.” However, in
private meetings with the IAEA, the Iranians did indicate that there
were aspects of reality woven throughout the entire laptop story.
Some point to these Iranian admissions as proof that the lap-top data
is credible; others say it only reinforces their concern that the Israelis
built an overall story about military involvement in a nuclear weapons
program using as seed-stock a few verifiable facts.
    The laptop controversy was brewing at the same time the IAEA was
making progress in getting to the bottom of the A. Q. Khan procure-
ment network. Pakistan had agreed to make certain individuals who
had been involved in the procurement process available to the IAEA,
and the IAEA was also able to access the Malaysian citizen involved in
both the Libyan and Iranian shipments. The IAEA was also able to
gain access to the facilities in Dubai where components had been
stored awaiting shipment. A key development was the fact that the A.
Q. Khan network had delivered identical packages of components to
Iran and Libya. The IAEA was therefore able to refer to the totality of
the Libyan package, and compare and contrast it to the Iranian
claims. Faced with this new information, Iran provided to the IAEA
documents,   which   included     instructions   on   the manufacture   and
molding of uranium metal into hemispherical shapes, needed for any
implosion-type weapon.
   While on the surface such documents appeared damning, the
Iranian officials claimed that the A. Q. Khan network had provided
                             SCOTT   RITTER                         e185



the documents on its own, and that Iran was only interested in the
centrifuge enrichment-related documents. While a source within the
A. Q. Khan network claimed it was Iran that had originally requested
the documents, the IAEA could not verify these claims, and noted that
it had observed nothing in Iran which indicated the Iranians had ever
taken any action in relation to the activities referred to in the docu-
ments. However, the IAEA remained concerned that there might be
an undisclosed uranium enrichment program, which in turn could
point to an undisclosed nuclear weapons program.
    The IAEA continued to focus on Iran’s procurement of both P-1
and P-2 centrifuges, and sought data dating back as far as 1985. How-
ever, in its own   internal technical assessment,   the IAEA recognized
that Iran had serious shortcomings with its P-1 program, and that the
centrifuges were not operating at full capacity, nor were the Iranians
able to produce them in the numbers needed to fulfill their strategic
objectives. The inconsistency in holding Iran accountable for the gen-
esis of a program that was not achieving the desired technological
achievement was apparently lost on the IAEA.
    The IAEA, in November 2005, finally gained access to all buildings
it was interested in the Parchin military camp. Nothing prohibited was
found, but the IAEA did observe a high-speed camera, which among
its many utilities can be used in high-explosives tests related to nuclear
weapons. As such, a negative finding in the form of an inspection was
now turned into a renewed effort against Iran based upon un-sus-
tained allegations.
    The same held true concerning the Lavizan—Shian facility. No data
linking the site to a nuclear weapons program (or even nuclear
enrichment program) had been uncovered. However, the IAEA con-
tinued to pursue the presence at Lavizan—Shian of two whole-body
counters, believing that these represented evidence of potential
involvement of the site in the manufacture of nuclear material. How-
ever, the whole-body counters detected gamma particles, while the
manufacture of enriched uranium produced alpha and beta particles.
As such, the whole-body counter theory was baseless, void of any other
data linking the whole-body counters to nuclear weapons work.
    Another area being pursued by the IAEA involved the Iranian
uranium mine at Gchine. The IAEA questioned why Iran would stop
work to develop the Gchine mine in favor of the less-promising
186    e                     ‘\)    TARGET   IRAN



Shagand mine. U.S. and European intelligence speculated that the
Gchine mine was evidence of the involvement of the Iranian military
in uranium       exploration       and   mining.    However,     the    Iranians   had
provided documents to the IAEA that refuted such a link. Under
pressure from the United States, the IAEA refused to accept the
Iranian story without additional documentation.
   The IAEA pressed Iran to provide more information about these
and other issues throughout October and November 2005. In late Jan-
uary, during IAEA visits to Iran over               the course    of a week,       Iran
responded to most of the [AEA’s requests, including providing data
concerning the Green Salt allegations. However, the window of oppor-
tunity for diplomacy was slammed shut, not by the Iranians, but by the
IAEA, operating under considerable pressure from the United States.
    With the atmosphere of trust regarding Iran so poisoned by the
U.S. whisper campaign, and its refusal to stop its work at the uranium
conversion facility, it was not difficult for the United States to finally
achieve what it had wanted all along when it came to Iran and the
IAEA—referral to the Security Council. Following a statement to the
IAEA in late January 2006 by the new Deputy-Director General for
Safeguards, Olli Heinonen (Pierre Goldschmidt had departed the
post in the fall of 2005), the IAEA Board of Governors voted, on Feb-
ruary 4, 2006, to refer the Iranian case to the Security Council. The
IAEA resolution reiterated its litany of complaints against Iran, and
noted that it was prevented by the limits of authority provided Umer
the NPT to pursue the matter further. In the
making note that “...                                     on Prolife




          an            [rea   also pointed out that Iran was, to use
ELBarden s own words, a “special verification case,” directed the
Director General to “report to the Security Council of the United
Nations that these steps are required of Iran by the Board and to
report to the Security Council all IAEA reports and resolutions, as
adopted, relating to this issue.”
      The   Iranian   reaction was swift, and predictable.             “Issue as many
resolutions like this as you want and make yourself happy. You can’t
                              SCOTT   RITTER                         °*   187



prevent the progress of the Iranian nation,” President Ahmenide-
najad told the Iranian press. “In the name of the IAEA they want to
visit all our nuclear facilities and learn our defense capabilities, but we
won't allow them to do this,” he added.
    The Iranian government sent the IAEA a letter, which put the
IAEA on notice that from February 6, 2005 Iran’s “. . commitment on
implementing safeguards measures will only be based on the NPT
Safeguards Agreement between the Islamic Republic of Iran and the
Agency,” and that “. . . all voluntarily suspended non-legally binding
measures including the provisions of the Additional Protocol and
even beyond that will be suspended.” The IAEA was requested to limit
the presence of IAEA staff in Iran only to work relevant under the
existing safeguards agreement, and that the IAEA should remove all
“containment and surveillance measures” beyond normal IAEA safe-
guard measures be removed.” The days of Iran’s voluntary coopera-
tion were over, at least for the time being.
    The Bush administration had scored a major diplomatic victory.
However, the IAEA referral to the Security Council was not a green
light for military action. Russia and China, in agreeing to vote in favor
of the referral, insisted that the Security Council hold off on taking
any action until after the March 2006 IAEA Board of Governor’s
meeting. This opened the door for Russia to press forward with its bi-
lateral discussions with Iran over a compromise solution on the ques-
tion of enrichment.         Moscow had proposed giving Tehran
part-ownership of a gas centrifuge plant located in Russia that would
enrich Iranian-produced uranium hexafluoride, thereby allowing
Iran to keep in operation the uranium conversion facility at Esfahan.
This facility had been in operation since the Iranian decision in
August 2005 to resume operations.
    On the surface, the Russian proposal contradicted the U.S.—Israeli
red line over any enrichment-related activity. But the reality was that
the Russians were giving the Iranians permission to pursue a tech-
nology that they had not yet perfected. The Iranian uranium mines
produced ore that was heavily contaminated with the element molyb-
denum. Iran had yet to perfect a technique to remove this contain-
ment from the ore during processing, meaning that Iranian uranium
hexafluoride, if inserted into a centrifuge, would destroy the cen-
trifuge shortly after operations began, either by clogging up pipes and
188   e                  “|   TARGET   IRAN


tubes, or throwing off the balance of the centrifuge enough to cause
it to destroy itself. Until which time the Iranians perfected the purifi-
cation of uranium ore, resulting in molybdenum-free uranium oxide,
the Russian offer failed to advance    the Iranian program,   while cre-
ating the perception of a concession. A key sticking point to the
Russian deal was whether or not Iran would be able to retain a small
research and development capability in centrifuge enrichment.
Russia would not commit one way or another, instead asking Iran to
resume dialogue with the European Union. Iran refused.
    While Russia and Iran talked, the United States began to make its
move in the Security Council. U.S. diplomats envisioned a multi-
phased approach towards dealing with Iran in the Council. First
would be to get a Presidential Statement encouraging the Iranians to
cooperate. Failing that, the United States would push the Security
Council to adopt a Chapter VII resolution which would increase the
IAEA’s rights when it came to inspections in Iran (thus certifying El-
Baradei’s description of Iran as a special verification case), and make
Iran’s cooperation with such legally binding. If after this Iran still
refused to cooperate, the United States would push for an increasing
level of stringent sanctions which, if they did not work, would prompt
a demand by the United States that the Security Council undertake
even more stringent diplomatic efforts, perhaps even a resolution
authorizing the use of force.
    Russia and China would not likely go along with the U.S. pro-
posals, especially at the latter stages, but the United States was pre-
pared for this eventuality. Ambassador John Bolton’s appointment
was not an idle one. Shortly after the IAEA referred the Iranian case
to the Security Council, newly-appointed Ambassador Bolton put the
Security Council on notice: “This is a real test for the Security
Council. There’s just no doubt that for close to 20 years, the Iranians
have been pursuing nuclear weapons through a clandestine program
that we’ve uncovered. If the U.N. Security Council can’t deal with the
proliferation of nuclear weapons, can’t deal with the greatest threat
we have with a country like Iran—that’s one of the leading state spon-
sors of terrorism—if the Security Council can’t deal with that, you
have a real question of what it can deal with.”
    Iran during this time was not standing idle. On February 11, Iran
began conducting enrichment tests, feeding uranium hexafluoride
                                SCOTT   RITTER                             Cait)



gas into a single P-1 centrifuge. On February 15, Iran fed uranium
hexafluoride    into a 10-centrifuge cascade, following that act a week
later by doing the same with a 20-centrifuge cascade. These tests were
designed to work out the kinks in terms of technical protocols, as well
as determining whether the P-1 centrifuges were functional. By all
accounts the Iranians considered all tests to be successful.
    On February 27, 2006 Mohammed El-Baradei delivered a report to
the IAEA Board of Governor’s in which he reiterated his past position
that although the IAEA has not seen indications of diversion of nuclear
material to nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices, there
remained uncertainties with regard to both the scope and the nature
of Iran’s nuclear program. The IAEA Board considered El-Baradei’s
report, and decided not to issue a resolution, since the matter of Iran’s
nuclear program was already referred to the Security Council.
   On March     20, 2006 the United States met in Berlin with the new
working group on Iran, the so-called “P-5 plus Germany” (signifying
the permanent five members of the Security Council and Germany)
in order to draft a Presidential Statement from the Security Council.
Already there were signs of a split within the “P-5 plus Germany”
group, with the United States and the EU-3 pushing for tough lan-
guage, including a deadline, and Russia and China taking a softer
approach. In the end, the Russians and Chinese, in order to present
a solid front to the Iranians, agreed on a thirty-day deadline.
   On   March    29, the Security Council        issued its Presidential   State-
ment,   in which    it called   upon    Iran to undertake       the measures
required by the IAEA Board        of Governors,      “re-establishing full and
sustained suspension of all enrichment-related and reprocessing activ-
ities, including research and development, to be verified by the IAEA.
Furthermore, the Presidential Statement requested in thirty days “a
report from the Director General of the IAEA on the process of
Iranian compliance with the steps required by the IAEA Board, to the
IAEA Board of Governors and in parallel to the Security Council for
its consideration.”

With typical diplomatic alacrity, the United States proceeded to issue
statements which questioned its commitment to a diplomatic solu-
tion. Secretary of State Condaleezza       Rice, remarking on the debate
unfolding in the Security Council, noted that “Perhaps one of the
190   e                   ‘\: TARGET   IRAN


biggest challenges that we face is the policy of the Iranian regime,
which is a policy of destabilization of the world’s most volatile and vul-
nerable region. And it’s not just Iran’s nuclear program but also their
support for terrorism around the world. They are, in effect, the cen-
tral banker for terrorism around the world.” Clearly the United States
was casting a larger net on the issue of Iran than simply bringing a
nuclear enrichment program to heel.
    This reality was reinforced by Ambassador Bolton’s remarks at the
same time, in which he stated that “When you see the risk of a gov-
ernment led by a president like Ahmadinejad, a man who has denied
the existence of the Holocaust, who has said Israel ought to be wiped
off the map—imagining somebody like that with his finger on a
nuclear button means that you can’t take any option off the table if
you believe, as President Bush does, that it’s unacceptable for Iran to
have nuclear weapons . . . As long as the hard-lined mullahs are in
charge, we think they’re determined to get them and we're deter-
mined to stop them.” Reading between the lines, it was clear that
both Rice and Bolton were espousing a policy of regime change.
    These comments were not simply off-the-cuff remarks, but rather
reflective of official U.S. policy as set forth in the new 2006 version of
the National Security Strategy of the United States, released in March
2006. In addition to reinforcing the previous policy positions that
endorsed unilateralism and preemptive military intervention, the
new National Security Strategy singled out Iran as representing the
greatest threat to the United States of America. The document intro-
duced Iran as a nation that had “violated its Non-Proliferation Treaty
safeguards obligations and refuses to provide objective guarantees
that its nuclear program is solely for peaceful purposes.”
    The 2006 National Security Strategy went on to state that “the pro-
liferation of nuclear weapons poses the greatest threat to our national
security,” and declaring that the United States was “committed to
keeping the world’s most dangerous weapons out of the hands of the
world’s most dangerous people.” The document declared that this
could be accomplished only by “closing a loophole in the Non-Prolif-
eration Treaty that permits regimes to produce fissile material that
can be used to make nuclear weapons under cover of a civilian
nuclear power program.” This paragraph directly contradicted the
language the United States had agreed to when referring Iran to the
                               SCOTT    RITTER                           Ce   tei |



Security Council in February 2006, in which it noted that the referral
was operating in full respect to the provisions of the NPT, especially
those provisions concerning a nation’s right to pursue the peaceful
use of nuclear energy.
    But the most pointed comments came when the National Security
Strategy took on the issue of Iran. “We may face no greater challenge
from a single country than from Iran,” the document read.


   For almost 20 years, the Iranian regime hid many of its key
   nuclear efforts from the international community. Yet the
   regime continues to claim that it does not seek to develop
   nuclear weapons. The Iranian regime’s true intentions are
   clearly revealed by the regime’s refusal to negotiate in good
   faith; its refusal to come into compliance with its international
   obligations by providing the IAFA access to nuclear sites and
   resolving troubling questions; and the aggressive statements of
   its President calling for Israel to “be wiped off the face of the
   earth.” The United States has joined with our EU partners and
   Russia to pressure Iran to meet its international obligations and
   provide objective guarantees that its nuclear program is only
   for peaceful purposes. This diplomatic effort must succeed if
   confrontation is to be avoided.
       As important as are these nuclear issues, the United States
   has broader concerns regarding Iran. The Iranian regime spon-
   sors   terrorism;   threatens   Israel; seeks   to thwart   Middle   East
   peace; disrupts democracy in Iraq; and denies the aspirations of
   its people for freedom. The nuclear issue and our other con-
   cerns can ultimately be resolved only if the Iranian regime
   makes the strategic decision to change these policies, open up
   its political system, and afford freedom to its people. This is the
   ultimate goal of U.S. policy. In the interim, we will continue to
   take all necessary measures to protect our national and eco-
   nomic security against the adverse effects of their bad conduct.
   The problems lie with the illicit behavior and dangerous ambi-
   tion of the Iranian regime, not the legitimate aspirations and
   interests of the Iranian people. Our strategy is to block the
   threats posed by the regime while expanding our engagement
   and outreach to the people the regime is oppressing.
                           ‘
192    e                       ' TARGET   IRAN



Unfazed by what virtually amounted to a declaration of. war, the
Iranian government responded by conducting a full-scale operation
ofa 164-ccentrifuge cascade, successfully enriching uranium up to 3.5
percent, sufficient for operating a nuclear energy reactor. The         Ira-
nians declared themselves to be in “full* possession of the nuclear
cycle,” and that this step was “irreversible.” There was some question
as to whether the Iranians actually achieved the results they declared,
but verification actions by the LAEA, in accordance with the standard
safeguards agreement, confirmed that Iran had in fact produced low-
level enriched uranium.
    The Iranian goal in moving forward was to establish a precedent
of possession, in so far that since Iran already possessed enrichment
technology, and had demonstrated its ability to enrich, there could be
no talk of moving backwards. Iran declared that it was prepared to
meet with the Europeans to discuss a diplomatic resolution to the
crisis that recognized Iran’s right to possess the full nuclear fuel cycle,
a capability which was no longer theoretical.
      On April 29, 2006, Mohammed         El-Baradei reported to the Secu-
rity Council,   as requested    in the Presidential   Statement,   that the
 IAEA continued to not be in a position to confirm that Iran’s nuclear
program was exclusively for peaceful use. The weakness of this state-
ment was noteworthy in relation to the harsh comments put forward
in the National Security Strategy of the United States. Furthermore,
El-Baradei underscored the strategic benefit gained by the United
States in helping create an environment in which Iran would stop its
cooperation with the IAEA. As opposed to earlier reports in which El-
Baradei and his subordinates were able to provide detailed technical
reports on Iran’s programs, and demonstrate progress forward
regarding clearing up remaining issues of concern, in his April report
El- Baradei noted that the drastic cut-back in presence by the IAEA in
Iran meant that the IAEA knew very little about what was actually
going on inside Iran. The United States exploited this ignorance by
expanding its rhetoric about the threat posed by Iran, knowing full
well that as long as IAEA inspectors were out of Iran, there was no way
El-Baradei could contradict them.
    Iran exploited El-Baradei’s frustration by declaring the very next
day that it was willing to allow the IAEA back into Iran, operating
under the provisions of the Additional Protocol, if the Security Council
                             SCOTT   RITTER                        21S



referred the Iranian case back to the IAEA. The Iranian move was well
timed, given that on May 3, 2006 the French and British governments
tabled a draft Security Council resolution, acting under Chapter VII
of the United Nations Charter, which declared that “Iran shall sus-
pend all enrichment-related and reprocessing activities, including
research and development, to be verified by the IAEA,” and put Iran
on notice concerning “. . . its intention to consider such further meas-
ures as may be necessary to ensure compliance with this-resolution
and decides that further examination will be required should such
additional steps be necessary,” and that “full verified compliance by
Iran, confirmed by the IAEA Board, would avoid the need for such
additional steps.”
   But the harsh rhetoric of the Bush administration, and the timing
of the release of the new 2006 National Security Strategy, had under-
mined any hope the United States might have had in gaining support
for a Chapter VII resolution from the Russians and Chinese. On 8 May
the Iranian president, ostensibly on his own initiative but in reality
under the prodding of Iran’s Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Khamenei,
sent a personal letter to President Bush that offered an opening for
further dialogue (the letter in reality was little more than a rant
against U.S. policies). The Bush administration immediately renounced
the letter, only to falter in the face of growing international criticism
for such an undiplomatic response. On May 9, the French and British
withdrew their proposed Security Council resolution text, confronted
by strong Russian and Chinese opposition to any threat of sanctions
against Iran. In its place, the EU-3 proposed to put together a new
incentives package for the Iranians, attempting to restart the process
of building on the Paris Agreement, which had stalled in August 2005.

Stinging from the rebuke by the Russians and Chinese at the Security
Council, the United States, on May 30, 2006, changed course diplo-
matically. “To underscore our commitment to a diplomatic solution
and to enhance the prospects of success, as soon as Iran fully and ver-
ifiably suspends its enrichment and reprocessing activities, the United
States will come to the table with our EU-3 colleagues and meet with
Iran’s representatives,” U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said.
   Within a week, the EU-3, represented by Javier Solano, presented
Iran with a package of incentives that would help Iran build light-water
194    e                        '   TARGET    IRAN



power plants through joint projects; support Iranian membership in
the World Trade Organization (WTO); anda U.S. pledge to lift certain
economic sanctions against Iran.
      On the issue of uranium        enrichment,      the proposal requires Iran
to suspend all enrichment-related activities; however, the require-
ment did not preclude the future possibility that Iran could eventu-
ally develop indigenous enrichment capabilities once all outstanding
questions have been resolved and international confidence has been
restored in the peaceful nature of Iran’s nuclear program. This detail
represented a major step back from the previous U.S. position,
backed by Israel, of not one spinning centrifuge being permitted to
operate in Iran. Iran’s initial response was cautious, with the Iranian
Foreign Ministry noting, “the proposals contain positive steps and
also some ambiguities which should be removed.”

President Bush seemed to warm up to the Iranian comment. “I think
that is positive. I want to solve this issue with Iran diplomatically,” he
said.
      However,    behind the scenes in Tehran, the Iranian government
was dissatisfied with the EU-3 package. It prepared a counterpro-
posal, one that agreed to enter into talks with the EU-3 and the
United States without any preconditions, especially ones that would
require Iran to suspend enrichment activities. In exchange for no
preconditions to talks, however, Iran was prepared to offer limits to its
nuclear program, including drastically reducing the number of cen-
trifuges it could operate—proposing that it would operate only three
164-centrifuge cascades, vice the massive 50,000 centrifuge operation
it had originally planned.
      Not   to   be   outdone   by the    Iranians,     President    Bush   quickly
responded by giving a national policy address while speaking to the
graduating class of the Merchant             Marine   Academy,      at Kings Point,
New York on June 19, 2006.
    “Iran’s leaders have a clear choice. We hope they will accept our
offer and voluntarily suspend these activities so we can work out an
agreement that will bring Iran real benefits,” Bush said. He threat-
ened Iran’s leaders with progressively stronger political and eco-
nomic sanctions from the Security Council, adding that if the offer is
rejected, “it will result in action before the Security Council, further
                             SCOTT    RITTER                           eos



isolation from the world, and progressively stronger political and eco-
nomic sanctions.
    “The United States has offered to come to the table with our part-
ners and meet with Iran’s representatives as soon as the Iranian regime
fully and verifiably suspends its uranium enrichment and _repro-
cessing activities,” Bush said. “I have a message for the Iranian regime:
America and our partners are united. We have presented a reasonable
offer. Iran’s leaders should see our proposal for what it is a historic
opportunity to set their country on a better course.”
    Bush made it clear that Iran’s nuclear program was not the only
problem that existed between the two countries. The President
described Iran as “one of the most difficult challenges facing the
world today,” not only based upon its nuclear activities, but also,
echoing the National Security Strategy document, for its ongoing sup-
port of terrorism,   poor human      rights record,   and constant   threats
against Israel.
    In a not-so-veiled threat that more than hinted of regime change,
Bush said his administration was providing more than $75 million in
2006 “to promote openness and freedom for the Iranian people.” The
Iranian people “want and deserve an opportunity to determine their
own   future, an economy   that rewards their intelligence and talents,
and a society that allows them    to pursue    their dreams,”   Bush    said,
adding “We look forward to the day when our nations are friends, and
when the people of Iran enjoy the full fruits of liberty, and play a
leading role to establish peace in our world.”
    As the President’s speech made crystal clear, the United States, as
it had with Iraq years before, was simply unable to disassociate a policy
of regime change with a policy of non-proliferation. The United
States, as the 2006 National Security Strategy made quite clear, was
committed to a policy of regime change in Iran, and was using Iran’s
nuclear program as a smokescreen to facilitate it. And as the
“Downing Street Memo” so clearly demonstrated with Iraq, the Bush
administration would not hesitate to “fix the facts” around this policy.
This is the uncomfortable reality that underscores any development
in the see-saw diplomacy that has marked developments concerning
Iran’s nuclear program since August 2002—that in the end, the only
policy objective acceptable to the Bush administration regarding Iran
is regime change.
     me                                       | Samper
 wpe Leyes hiio hh seagmmennsil                            qpalenar tiger am
             & Ww bs     Turion      CMeemer     gay ict) “PET,                :
 = nurs has ahrambelasl 2 Hayi wos                                                           .
       0,            cade iti” 1h ater                          oA          GSTS         Ha
 ee                                  bvivtoneumbnnas pllvedtt
 wailed inet sheet! qabeo ener pyareh a Nienhalt
 webs Eye nih Wwe et.                            ay oH         at                  meee
 “bestia! @ ch Gh lephee
                      ioitegen ent) ateae                                          piariarcnwn
              <2             © pe ial “ath.                          tp adie            et
“PRR retbeciney Fe                   hbaiyt ivG To"                    ‘enh        gunn mugrtelly ante
     : ete             v cy) Pere ee         =       pew       ae jh me eens            * alld gt
     aby sgaetgnn4agen Maas                     ferpetloay nahieeeaal                                           |
     58 4 api piistedras,                    idl
                                               Pe              es          hoteriuel fia, bent Ties ad,
     oihhen ¢ glint ier QM AKL BR
                                Riana, apy knee come pat beatin wily
     ness!           (oma         bre          Lit         Gaia Sapen oy                         coed
                dent       Henk     ea                               Nose           Rao Ore cog, Rami               ile
                                                                                                                      !
     eure             iste         tenet bord) ayaethdarlegpins daetephesyar: were
     ee                           eee               te                        pin
     VEEP aaally cay rei                    (Coa Bee peleaeT ee eae
     al         avs      igen? 4? petit               218 2a                         yh One ee                      —     Z

     nittolin: be cgeygtvasl aoc? absroraie, Maal 4setm.                                                    a   7 ‘ a
er              re        Oy                   ae erat, etal? eal aaa: A                                             4
     biel            itm fh Fear
                               eM eee i? _ acre                            aka2        ne i          agees =os
     7 =” eke’              ofeaes      hte    Ceptred bell wit            apn. athena                Nasties     7
                                                                                                              4 “re

        Oi       pref       bh mars tee Ee eta aed leper
     wer irae Avesta tava viene |et awe iescay aed       i
         20             Sap icilictihalles n@tyne                          me Gripest            =

     rapid? =                 nayatieryoule Se eho brie3
     cow ee!)            © Ber Shanti                erty eran                     det. AL
     *pcth           git re Pra               6y te Geyite scotia hens
     Lope ag.                 Ay)                    ve        01      Op,
     Pepe ing eval Lifes )Meh angie = aiaof gakeeal saa
     i                Pee                                 le
        1° @ibeycapagt
                     9% \gaee               ee w aylaoe techy rd                         N
 ida ue epi eon yer cdot ox7
 A rie oof atmately anne reg                                                                            7
     orale
       = CS
            enero
            oO pail. aa"!
                          ane
                           "
                              peticrccn
                                                 ts                    —_             _ =.
                                        -                 oe          rt
                                       ty                  7
                            Conclusion


ALMOST FOUR YEARS TO THE date that the Iran crisis got jump
started with the Natanz-as-nuclear-weapons plant briefing by the NCRI,
the world stands on the brink of the abyss of yet another tragic, avoid-
able   conflict    in the   Middle     East,   with   the   United    States   and     Iran
squaring    off for a confrontation            of global consequences.           For the
moment,     the threat of conflict seems          to have been quelled, with the
historic U.S.-backed EU-3 incentives package, accompanied as it is with
the promise of direct U.S.—Iranian discussions, having received a luke-
warm response from the Iranian government. In an increasingly com-
plex political environment, this cooling of tensions could be seen as a
vehicle for reducing the pressures being exerted on a Republican-con-
trolled White House by fellow Republicans in both the House of Rep-
resentatives and the United States Senate who have come under fire
from their respective constituents over the issue of failed foreign policy
and perceived weaknesses in the national security of the United States
derived from such a failure. Iraq weighs heavy on the minds of all Amer-
icans, and indeed people from around the world, and any American-
backed policy initiative that appears to back away from extending the
conflict in the Middle East into Iran, and possibly beyond, is a much
welcomed development.
   However,       there is much      to be concerned        of when   it comes       to the
newest U.S.-backed initiative. First and foremost, one must question the
genesis of such a dramatic change of course in national strategy, and
198   e                       *.   CONCLUSION



wonder at the depth of support such a sea change in policy, has within
the Bush administration. One only needs to concentrate on assessing
the White House at this point in time, since Congressional engage-
ment on the issue of Iran has been superficial to the point of being
non-existent. Likewise, one must assess the policy position of the
Iranian government in acceding to consider the U.S.-backed incen-
tives plan. If in the end the U.S. government is willing to allow Iran a
face-saving way to retain a small, closely monitored nuclear research
program inclusive of enrichment technologies, while facilitating
Iran’s acquisition of nuclear energy capabilities in the form of light-
water reactors, and the Iranian government is willing to back away
from its publicly stated position concerning its inherent right to
indigenously develop and field the complete fuel cycle associated
with nuclear energy, then there may yet be a real opportunity for
peace.
    It is, in the end, not simply about American-—Iranian posturing.
Critical to this equation is the role played by the EU-3, backed up by
Russia and China, in riding herd on both the United States and Iran
throughout the process of negotiated settlement as it unfolds. There
is an absolute requirement for the European Union—Russia—China
front to hold firm not only to the letter, but also spirit, of the new
agreement, and to present a solid front to both America and Iran
throughout the process. However, this is problematic, as each of the
consortiums of states involved in drafting the incentives package
comes at the problem with a differing point of view, as well as varying
levels of commitment to the overall process itself. If the incentives
program were part and parcel of a comprehensive crisis resolution
program seeking to reconcile the United States and Iran, there might
be hope for a meaningful and solid role for the European
Union-Russia—China consortium in reducing the threat on Amer-
ican—Iranian conflict.
    Howe




                   UL   VOT   L    {                              “e!


                In the end, it is this larger policy objective whict
                               CONCLUSION                             Ch



Union-Russia—China consortium. If the United States. shows any
hesitation in living up to its end of the deal regarding Iran’s nuclear
capability, and if Iran in turn balks, it is highly questionable if the solid
front currently presented by the European Union—Russia—China
would hold in terms of referring Iran to the Security Council for eco-
nomic sanctions. This in turn would facilitate on the part of the
United States a rush toward resolving the Iranian crisis through the
unilateral application of military force. As such, the current euphoria
over the U.S.-backed E.U. incentives package is sadly misplaced.
Rather than pulling back from the abyss of conflict with Iran, America
and the world are simply pausing before one last, mad rush forward.
     One of the curious aspects of the current U.S. posture vis-a-vis Iran
is its inherently contradictory positioning contrasted with established
U.S.-Iran policy from 2002 until just prior to the fielding of the E.U.-
incentives package. Some questions immediately come to mind. First
of all, the United States has repeatedly stated that Iran has a secret
nuclear weapons capability, one that operates outside the bounds of
IAEA weapons inspections. If this is still the case, there is nothing
about the European Union incentives package that fundamentally
changes this “fact.” How then will the Bush administration choose to
deal with the covert Iranian nuclear program it claims to exist?
    When one factors in the publicly stated position of Israel and the
pro-Israeli Lobby operating in the United States, it appears as if
the Bush administration has completely caved in on the issue of Iran.
The Israelis have loudly proclaimed their position that any Iranian
acquisition of nuclear enrichment capability represents a red line that
cannot be tolerated in the interests of Israeli national security. Both
Israel and the United States maintain that such a program exists
inside Iran, operating outside of the scope of the declared enrich-
ment activities monitored by the IAEA. In fact, John Bolton, echoing
similar charges made by Israel, has gone so far as to assert that Iran
has already enriched enough uranium to make several nuclear
weapons, making any discussion concerning ongoing monitoring and
verification efforts by the IAEA moot in the extreme.
    Since it is only the [AEA-monitored enrichment activities which
are verifiably subject to the freeze restrictions imposed by the E.U.-
incentives program, in order for the United States and Israel to main-
tain any consistency     and   credibility   there   must   be not   only a
 200   e                         CONCLUSION



 continued call for expanded IAEA access to facilities in Iraq that are
 not currently under the monitoring of the IAEA inspectors, but also
an active search for the highly enriched uranium Bolton and the
Israelis claim already exists. Given the fact that the United States has
refused to include any security guarantees to the Iranians, and that
the policy of regime change in Tehran still dominates the senior-most
hierarchy of the Bush administration, there is little likelihood that the
Iranian government would accede to any wildly intrusive regime of
inspections which opened up its national security secrets at a time
when the United States continues to plot the demise of the Iranian
theocracy.
    Many of the facilities that would be targeted for such expanded
inspections are considered by the Iranians to be extremely sensitive,
as they relate to legitimate national security and defense programs,
and as such would not be opened for such intrusive investigations.
And any refusal by Iran to permit inspections of these facilities would
be shown by the United States and Israel to be clear-cut proof that
Iran is non-compliant, feeding the conspiracy theorists in the United
States and Israel who have committed to the existence of an Iranian
nuclear weapons       program,   regardless of what the facts are, and as
such defining Iran as a threat worthy of military intervention. In
short, the Bush administration will resurrect its old adage, overused
in the build-up to war with Iraq, that the only way to disarm Iran is to
lead a coalition of the willing into Iran to remove the regime of the
Mullahs from power.
   Void of a complete reversal in policy objectives on the part of the
United States, including a rejection of regime change in Iran, anda
willingness on the part of the Bush administration to muzzle Israel
over   the   issue   of Iran   (something   no   American    administration,
Republican or Democrat, has ever shown a willingness to do in
modern times), the path forward is sadly predictable.
    Regime change in Iran is a topic everyone in Washington, D.C.,
knows about, but no one wants to discuss, at least openly. Typical of
this approach is the speech given by Ambassador John Bolton to
B’nai B’rith International,      a Jewish   humanitarian    organization,   in
May 2006, in which he commented on the possibility of an incentives
package to get Iran to cease and desist on its nuclear enrichment pro-
gram. “This is a sign to the rulers in Tehran that if they give up their
                              CONCLUSION                             e   201



long-standing support for terrorism and they give up their pursuit of
weapons of mass destruction, that their regime can stay in place and
that they can have a different relationship with the United States and
the rest of the world,”    Bolton   said. While   many   marvelled   at the
benevolence of the U.S. position, what remained unsaid was the
extreme hubris, and underlying reality, of what wasn’t said: that if Iran
did not “play ball,” then the Iranian regime would not, in the minds
of policy formulators in Washington, D.C., be allowed to stay in place.
Once again, the world finds itself on the brink of another Middle East
war in which the United States is using trumped-up charges centered
around false threats of weapons of mass destruction as a smoke-screen
to hide its true policy objectives of regime change.
    Unless a new domestic imperative can be found within the United
States that can influence such a sea change in the Iran policies of
the Bush administration, the current lowering of tensions appears to
be nothing more that a politically motivated maneuver on the part of
the Bush administration to remove Iran from the politically charged
lead-up to the November 2006 mid-term elections. The Bush admin-
istration seems to be gambling on its ability to breath life into the false
hopes of the E.U. incentives package until after the November 2006
elections, at which time the United States will be able to orchestrate
the demise of the incentives deal, and resume its way down the path
of military confrontation with Iran, the goal being the removal of the
Iranian theocracy from power.
   It is essential, therefore, that Iran not be removed from the public
debate here in the United States. War with Iran must be discussed,
because the ultimate policy objective of the Bush administration
regarding Iran is war. Such a public discussion and debate would be
readily had if the Bush administration had not accepted the E.U.
incentives program, because the American public would have no
choice but to respond to the increasingly bellicose posturing of the
Bush administration. Faced with the ongoing devolution of the situa-
tion in Iraq, the U.S. public most probably would have rebelled at the
notion of yet another Middle Eastern war.
    Thanks to the astute maneuvering of the Bush administration, it
now appears as if Iran will no longer be on the front burner of
American domestic political discourse in the weeks and months
leading up to the critical November 2006 elections. Failure to so
202   e                       CONCLUSION



engage,   however,   only increases   the likelihood   of war with: Iran. A
failure to have a national debate, dialogue or discussion           on the
totality of issues that comprise U.S.-Iranian relations means      that, in
the minds of the American       electorate, the only issue that defines
U.S.-Iran relations is the nuclear issue, and that this issue is under
control, at least for the time being.
     For Americans who were introduced to the concept of fire as a
result of the Great Chicago Fire, fire is a horrible and irrationally ter-
rifying phenomenon, as opposed to being a process that is part of
nature, and which can produce energy in a manner useful to all of
humanity. The same can be said about the manner in which nuclear
issues were introduced to the United States. Rather than a force
which has the capability of doing great good, Americans view nuclear
issues from the perspective of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, of children
hiding under desks during Civil Defense drills, and as the potential
bringer of global holocaust. As such, whenever any nuclear is raised,
it is done from a negative context, void of balance.
     This reality has been exploited to the maximum extent possible by
the Bush administration when it comes to the issue of Iran and its
nuclear programs. Iran, we are told, is a nation awash in a sea of oil
and natural gas, and as such has no legitimate claim for a nuclear
energy program. We are not made cognizant of the reality, and
inherent complexity, of nuclear energy, so that we can better under-
stand what it is Iran is trying to accomplish, and how to contextualize
the nuclear technologies Iran seeks to pursue. For most Americans,
use of the term “nuclear” does not engender visions of peaceful
energy, but rather horrific destruction. It is this pre-inclination
toward negativity that allows the Bush administration to get away with
an extremely sophomoric approach toward assessing Iran’s pursuit of
the atom.
   For this reasons, Americans have allowed themselves to be cowed
by a Bush administration, together with a compliant Congress and
media, which grossly misrepresents Iran’s nuclear energy program as
being something that it is not. We hear from the Bush administration
that Iran is awash in a sea of oil, and that there is nojustification for
any nuclear energy program. But even a cursory look at the facts
backs up the Iranian contention that it needs an alternative energy
source for domestic consumption requirements if it is to remain
                              CONCLUSION                             e   203



economically viable in the decades to come. The Bush administration
contends that Iran lacks the indigenous uranium ore to justify a
home-grown centrifuge enrichment program, and that Iran would
use up its entire uranium stockpile fueling its planned reactor
capability in just one year. However, any sound calculation of Iran’s
uranium ore reserves holds that Iran can indigenously enrich enough
fuel to power a dozen reactors for more than thirty years. And this
number does not take into account the fact that Iran has claimed to
have discovered even more uranium ore reserves.
    The Bush administration has misrepresented the capabilities of
the Iranian enrichment program, and irresponsibly inserted red-her-
rings into the equation, such as the maddening discussion centered
on the ‘whole body counters’ involved with the Lavizan—Shian
research center. In short, the Bush administration, with the able help
of the Israeli government and the pro-Israel “Lobby,” has succeeded
in exploiting the ignorance of the American people about nuclear
energy technology and nuclear weapons so as the engender enough
fear that the American public has more or less been pre-programmed
to accept the notion of the need to militarily confront a nuclear
armed Iran, even as they continue to pay the price, both in terms of
money and blood, for a similar misadventure in Iraq.
    But while the American public may be pre-programmed to accept
the necessity of war with Iran, even if no such necessity exists, there
has been no effort to prepare America, or even the world at large, for
the awful reality of what a war with Iran would entail. On this, U.S.
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is correct: Iran is not Iraq. While
Iran has been subjected to a punishing unilateral economic embargo
on the part of the United States, it still is able to trade with the rest of
the world. As such, Iran remains very much         a modern    nation state
with access to the complete spectrum of technologies that are
available to the rest of the world. This includes military technology.
Iran is a vastly larger country than Iran, with a correspondingly larger
population and military. The Iranian people are a proud people who
cherish their culture, history and independence. Any notion that the
Iranian people would somehow stand idly while the United States
bombarded their nation or occupied their soil is tragically
unfounded. Iran would resist any attack against its soil with all of the
considerable means available.
 204   e                      CONCLUSION



     Any aerial bombardment of Iran would result in the immediate
 attack by Iranian missiles on targets in Israel, followed by a major
 Hezbollah rocketing of northern Israel. If U.S. military forces were
 deployed from the soil of any nation within striking distance of Iran,
 those nations, too could be expected to come          under Iranian attack.
 Iran will fire missile barrages against American forces in Iraq, and then
 engage the entire coalition occupation force on the ground, either with
 Iranian paramilitary forces infiltrated into Iraq, or using Iraqi proxies
 in the form of the various pro-Iranian Shi’a militias that are in power in
 Iraq today. American freedom of movement, such as it is, will be elimi-
nated almost overnight. Lines of communication with American logis-
tics bases in Kuwait and Jordan will be cut, and the sole remaining line
of communication through Kurdistan into Turkey, already tenuous, will
become untenable. American forces will become almost exclusively
dependent on aerial re-supply, which will expose American helicopters
and aircraft to great risk from Iranian surface-to-air missiles. Americans
will be forced to abandon some bases in favor of consolidation of
resources, and eventually America will be forced to quit Iraq altogether
or suffer extremely heavy casualties (Iranian intensification of the con-
flict in Iraq could have U.S. casualty figures approach weekly KIA/WIA
rates that approach those suffered during the Vietnam War).
     Iran will do its utmost to play the oil card, not only shutting off its
exportation of oil and natural gas, but also threaten the oil produc-
tion of Iraq, Kuwait, UAE, and Saudi Arabia, either through missile
attack or direct action by pro-Iranian Shi’a activists or Iranian military
commando unit. U.S. naval forces operating in the Persian Gulf will
be put at risk, and there is a real possibility that Iran would succeed
in sinking or heavily damaging a number of U.S. capital warships,
including any aircraft carriers that might be operating in the region.
There is a better than even chance that Iran would succeed in shut-
ting down the straight of Hormuz, choking off the global oil supply.
    The Iranian reaction will have global reach, with Iranian agents or
their proxies conducting terror bombings, kidnappings and/or assas-
sinations   of American,   Israeli,   and   allied   forces   diplomats   and
civilians. Attacks will definitely occur in Europe, and may even spread
to American soil.
    Any American ground invasion of Iran would be doomed to fail.
While there can be no doubt that American military might would
                                  CONCLUSION                              e   205



succeed in gaining a significant foothold inside Iran, either by a
coastal landing around Bandar Abbas on the Persian Gulf coast, or a
ground assault emanating from Azerbaijan or Iraqi soil would quickly
bog down. America simply does not have the conventional combat
power to fight a sustained ground combat action in Iran. The scenario
most likely to be faced will be akin to that experienced by American
forces in Korea in 1951 when China entered the war. At best we would
see an epic attack in another direction, such as the Ist Marine Division
pulled of at the Chosin      Reservoir. At worst, we could see something
along the lines of the total collapse of the VII Army Corps when
surprised by the Chinese troops.
   Faced with such a disaster, the United States would have no choice
but to escalate the conflict along military lines, which means to
engage Iran with nuclear weapons. At this juncture, the equation
becomes unpredictable, the damage done incalculable, and the
course of world history, including America’s role as a viable global
leader. The     harm   inflicted on     the United   States, directly and indi-
rectly, as a result of any decision to employ nuclear weapons will be
fatal. America’s prestige and standing on the global stage has already
suffered greatly from its ongoing misadventure in Iraq, and its incom-
prehensible strategy of world hegemony disguised as a global war on
terror. A war with Iran will not only cause whatever good will the world
held in reserve for America to rapidly dissipate, but also subject
America to economic and physical harm.
    Americans must keep in mind that today the global energy market
operates   on    rather   slim,   and    thus   fragile,   margins.   Given    the
increased demand       for oil, and a failure of the oil market to develop
and exploit new sources of oil, the oil industry is operating at a mere
2 percent of excess capacity. This means that when one adds up all the
oil consumed on a daily basis, the global oil industry produces that
amount plus 2 percent. This figure is barely enough to handle even
the slightest upswing in economic activity, and is already being
stressed by the continuing demands brought on by the combination
of America’s endless thirst for oil, and the booming economies of
China and India. Iran alone accounts for nearly 4 percent of the
world’s oil. Simply taking Iranian oil off the market means that the
world will be operating at a negative 2 percent capacity, meaning
there is not enough oil to meet the daily demands of the global
206   e                           CONCLUSION



economy. Factor in the fact that war with Iran will likély. adversely
impact oil production in Iraq, Kuwait, the UAE, and Saudi Arabia,
there is a real danger that the world may well be facing up to a 20 per-
cent negative production capacity. Given the demand for oil, and
America’s dependence upon foreign oil*supplies, oil prices will do
what any commodity in demand does when there are finite sources
and infinite demand—explode.
    The price of oil will skyrocket out of control as a result of any
American         invasion of Iran, and the destabilization       inflicted on the
world energy market will be made permanent if America employs
nuclear weapons. Every American businessman who needs to factor
in the cost of oil in the bottom line of the company being run must
understand that they will face almost immediate financial ruin as a
result of hyperinflation brought on by oil prices reaching in excess of
$150-200 dollars per barrel over a sustained period of time. The
American consumer will suffer, and nearly every aspect of the Amer-
ican economy will suffer a collapse along lines not experienced since
the Great Depression.

The war with Iraq hurt America in ways most Americans could not
see. The Bush administration and Congress, backed up by a resilient
American economy, were able to soften the blow of the disaster that
is the war in Iraq. However, in doing so, there is no longer a reserve
of economic strength upon which America can fall back onto to
shield the detrimental economic impact that a war with Iran will
bring. America will literally hit economic            rock bottom, with all that
entails. One only needs hearken back in time to post- World War One
Germany, where Germans suffering under hyperinflation had to use
wheelbarrows to bring in enough cash to buy food. The American
dollar    will    become    worthless,   and   with    it the   entire   American
economy. The global economy will take a hit, for certain, but no
country will suffer economically like the United States should the
Bush administration pursue armed conflict with Iran.
   There can be no doubt that a war with Iran is detrimental to the
national security interests of the United States. Nothing good can
come from such a conflict, only bad. One could put forward the argu-
ment that a U.S.-led invasion of Iran that checked Iran’s nuclear
ambitions and removed the regime of the Mullah’s from power would
                               CONCLUSION                                2   7,



be beneficial to Israel, and as such represent a policy worthy of imple-
mentation. This is dangerous thinking from two aspects. First, is the
absurd notion that such a policy would benefit Israel. As has been
pointed out, any conflict between the United States and Iran will
immediately spill over to include Israel. Four conflict fronts will rap-
idly manifest themselves, with the potential of more to follow. Iran will
attack Israel directly with long-range missiles; Hezbollah will saturate
northern Israel with short-range missiles and direct-action attacks by
commando/    terrorist units; Hamas, united with the PLO, will launch
similar attacks from Gaza and the West Bank; and every Israeli diplo-
matic or economic interest abroad will be open to terrorist assault.
The cost to Israel will be horrific and devastating, not only in terms of
life lost, but also economic damage done. How anyone who proclaims
to be pro-Israeli could ever support such a course of action is beyond
me. I am pro-Israel, and as such would never endorse a policy course
of action that would subject Israel to such pain and suffering. Iran’s
threats to Israel today are purely rhetorical. Iran poses no direct
threat to Israeli security that warrants any form of preemptive military
action, especially when it comes to Iran’s nuclear program.
    As a commissioned officer in the United States Marine Corps I
spent a considerable amount of time and effort in January and Feb-
ruary 1991 attempting to locate and interdict Iraqi missiles in western
Iraq before they could be launched into Israel. I have toured the
“bone   yards”   in Israel   where   the    shards   of Iraqi missiles   rest,    a
reminder that even a nation as strong as Israel is not immune to
attack. As a U.N. weapons inspector I worked closely with the Israeli
government to eliminate Iraq’s weapons of mass destruction,
including the very same ballistic missiles that once rained down on Tel
Aviv and Haifa. I have been to Israel, and understand the precarious
security situation Israel finds itself in today. I have stood on the
heights of the Judean Hills overlooking the Mediterranean Sea, and
understand just how narrow and fragile the physical reality of Israel is.
I have gone up the Golan        Heights, and looked back on the Sea of
Galilee, and fully comprehend why Israel believes it must hold a
strategically dominating position vis-a-vis its neighbors. As someone
who has placed my life on the line in defense of Israel, I have a vested
interest in the continued existence of the State of Israel free of the
tyranny of fear and oppression.      I am    a true friend of Israel, a status
208    e                     CONCLUSION



that goes far beyond simple hyperbole and rhetoric, and is instead
backed up with sweat and deeds.
    However, I am first and foremost an American, and a fervently
patriotic one at that. As such, I subordinate my national interest to
nothing other than my country. As close the relationship that exists
between the United States and Israel might be, it does not make us
one with the other. There is the United States, and there is Israel.
These are two completely distinct nations, and should never be
treated as one and indivisible. Where American and Israeli interests
coincide (and these are many I have no problem with our two nations
working hand in glove for our mutual benefit, as two close allies and
friends should.   However,   when   our interests diverge,   then   I as an
American insist on the right to disagree, and to express this disagree-
ment as I see fit, up to and including public pronouncement of this
disagreement and implementing courses of action that reflect this
disagreement. Friends can disagree and still be friends. But friend-
ship is strained when one party seeks to exert its will and influence
using unfair and disingenuous tactics.
   The conflict currently underway between the United States and
Iran is, first and foremost, a conflict born in Israel. It is based upon
an Israeli contention that Iran poses a threat to Israel, and defined by
Israeli assertions that Iran possesses a nuclear weapons program.
None of this has been shown to be true, and indeed much of the alle-
gations made by Israel against Iran have been clearly demonstrated as
being false. And yet the United States continues to trumpet the Israeli
claims, and no individual more loudly so than the U.S. Ambassador
to the United Nations, John Bolton. Bolton’s pro-Israeli stance has
elicited absurdly disturbing remarks by the Israelis themselves that
bring into question the objectivity of Mr. Bolton when it comes to rep-
resenting American, vice Israeli, interests.
      On May 22, 2006, at a B’nai B’rith breakfast meeting in which
John Bolton    had already spoken, Israeli Ambassador        to the United
Nations Dan Gillerman declared Bolton to be the sixth Israeli
diplomat assigned to the United Nations. Gillermen also noted that if
the B’nai B’rith membership, historically unquestionably pro-Israeli,
were counted, the Israeli Mission would in fact be one of the largest
at the United Nations. While these comments were presumably made
tongue in cheek, they do reflect a reality that cannot be ignored:
                             CONCLUSION                            «   209



Israel’s national interests are pursued by a network of individuals and
organizations that far exceed its tiny diplomatic representation here
in America. Israel counts on many, including Americans in public and
private sectors, to act as an extension of Israel when promoting
and implementing policies that involve Israeli interests.
    Israel is not alone in this activity. Many nations maintain large and
active lobbies in the United States in order to promote their individual
interests or concerns. None, however, bring to the table the scope and
clout of the Israeli Lobby. None operate in the brazen manner in
which this Israeli Lobby has grown accustomed to operating, in which
the lines which distinguish America and Israel are blurred to the
extent that a serving American Ambassador can be openly referred to as
an Israeli diplomatic resource. One of the largest and most influential
members of this Israeli Lobby is the American-Israeli Public Affairs
Committee, or AIPAC. Over the years, AIPAC has exerted its influence
over the U.S. Congress and the Executive Branch of government to a
degree unparalleled by any other single nation or group of nations.
AIPAC operates as a de facto agent of the State of Israel, and yet does
not need to register as such.
    The duality of loyalty inherent in AIPAC, where Israeli interests
continuously trump those of the United States, even among Ameri-
cans, has been highlighted by the ongoing espionage scandal in which
two senior AIPAC officials were indicted as part of an effort to have
classified U.S. information pertaining to Iran transferred through
unofficial channels to the Israeli government. One must question the
true motivation of any so-called friend when, in a relationship as open
and transparent as the one enjoyed between Israel and the United
States, one party (Israel) sees fit to stoop to actions which violate
American law, as well as the very spirit of friendship that is supposed
to exist between the two nations.
    It seems that, while the American supporters of Israel tout the
common goals and interests that bind our two nations, in reality they
operate a distinctly Israel-first policy. While I respect and defend
Israel’s right to place its own interests above and beyond any other
nation, including the United States, I fervently reject, and am
appalled, by any action undertaken by those who proclaim themselves
to be American which subordinates American interests to those of
Israel, especially when the stakes of such an issue put American lives
210    e                       CONCLUSION



on the line. I joined the U.S. Marine Corps, and took an oath to
uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States against all
enemies, foreign and domestic.
      I have gone to war, and would do so again, to defend         the ideals
and values set forth in the U.S. Constitution. There are times when,
in so defending the Constitution, I may be called upon to act in a
manner which defends the territorial integrity or interests of another
nation, should such interests be entwined with those of my country.
This is why I fought in 1990-1991; to defend the letter of the law as
set forth by the United Nations Charter, and approved by the Security
Council of the United Nations and the Congress of the United States,
in coming to the defense of Kuwait following Iraq’s wonton invasion
and occupation of that nation in August 1990, and to participate in
combat operations in western Iraq designed to interdict Iraqi SCUD
missiles from being fired against Israel. One could say that I fought in
defense of Kuwait and Israel during that conflict, but let there be no
doubt: I fought only for America.
    I can justify American lives being put on the line to stop missiles
being fired against Israel back in 1991. I can justify America coming to
the aid of Israel militarily if Israel itself were subjected to illegal acts of
aggression. If Iran were to attack Israel without provocation, I would
argue long and hard for America to come to the aid of its friend and ally.
But I cannot tolerate the idea of America being pushed into a war of
aggression against Iran when Iran threatens neither Israel nor America.
And this is what is happening today. Israel has, through a combination
of ignorance, fear, and paranoia, elevated Iran to a threat status that it
finds unacceptable. Israel has engaged in policies that have further
inflamed this situation. Israel displays an arrogance and rigidity when it
comes to developing any diplomatic solution to the Iranian issue. And
Israel demands that the United States take the lead in holding Iran to
account. Israel threatens military action against Iran, knowing only too
well that in doing so Israel would be committing America to war as well.
When it comes to Iran, Israel can no longer be said to be behaving as a
friend of America. And it is high time we in America had the courage to
recognize this, and take appropriate actions.

The Israel Lobby will scream bloody murder at any inkling that Israel
is somehow betraying America, or that the Israeli Lobby puts Israeli
                              CONCLUSION                             e211



interests ahead of the United States. This is its right. However, it then
invokes the ugly specter of anti-Semitism, and drags out the memory
of the holocaust, and attempts to smear anyone who dares speak out
in a manner critical of Israel or the Israeli Lobby as an anti-Semite and
someone who has shamed the memory of the six million Jews who
perished during the Holocaust. This is a sickening and deeply dis-
turbing trend that must end. Israel may hold a special status here in
the United States, but it is no greater or less than the status held by
other close friends and allies, such as the United Kingdom, Canada,
Japan, Germany, or any other.
    Most Americans would reject outright any effort by one of our
allies to limit fair debate, discussion, and dialogue here in the United
States about the nature of American relations with any given state.
And yet America as a whole remains mute to the interference by the
Israeli Lobby into any meaningful discussion of American-Israeli rela-
tions. The end result is that Israel and the Israeli Lobby are herding
America down the path toward war with Iran, and most Americans
remain ignorant and/or indifferent to this fact. The proof is in the
pudding; even as the world debates and discusses the June 2006 incen-
tives package offered to Iran, Israel has already proclaimed its oppo-
sition to any such negotiated setthkement, and AIPAC has initiated a
full-fledged lobbying campaign targeted at the U.S. Congress to keep
America on track toward conflict with Iran. No one in the world wants
such a confrontation, only Israel. Let there be no doubt: if there is an
American   war   with   Iran, it is a war   that was   made   in Israel and
nowhere else.
   If there is to be peace with Iran, the United States must find a way
to bring to reign Israel’s attempts, directly and indirectly, to unduly
influence the formulation and implementation of U.S. foreign policy.
Organizations such as AIPAC must either have the scope and scale of
their operations severely curtailed, or be forced to register as an agent
of a foreign power. It is fine to be sympathetic and supportive of the
state of Israel. I know I am. But it is never acceptable as an American
to subordinate the national interest of your homeland for the sake
and benefit of another nation. In the past, such behavior has been
likened to sedition and treason. And just because the action is under-
taken on behalf of Israel does not make it any less so than if it had
been done on behalf of any other nation. National loyalty is a one-way
Pe ia                         CONCLUSION



street, and in America, for Americans, that one-way signpoints only
toward the United States of America.
     Reigning in the Israeli desire for armed conflict against Iran
would provide the United States with a tremendous amount of room
from which to begin negotiating a non-violent solution to the Iranian
crisis. First of all, America buys time from which it can more sanely
and sagely assess Iran’s nuclear programs and ambitions. Second, it
provides America with an opening to engage in sincere one-on-one
negotiations with Iran void of the poisoning brought on by the Israeli
call for conflict. Third, it removes Iran as a preconceived regional
threat, and as such allows the United States to modify its posture vis-
a-vis other regional issues, especially those involving energy policy in
the Caspian Sea basin. In this day and age of energy shortages, the
vast energy resources of the Caspian Sea basin hold the key to global
economic stability and growth for the foreseeable future. A conflict
with Iran would devastate the Caspian Sea basin, destabilize it politi-
cally, and retard its development for many years or even decades.
   The United States, like the rest of the world, should be concerned
about issues such as human rights and individual liberties in nations
such as Iran. But we have no right to interfere in the affairs of a sov-
ereign state to the point that we pursue a policy of regime change in
respect to a legally empowered government. The best regime change
policy the United States could engage in vis-a-vis Iran would be to sta-
bilize relations, recognize Iran diplomatically, lift the unilateral
American economic embargo, and initiate a program of intensive cul-
tural and economic exchanges which would do more to moderate
Iranian society than any program of containment and destabilization
being considered by the Bush administration today. Iran is not a
threat   to America.   In fact,   the   Iranian   nuclear     energy   program
should be viewed by the United States as desirable, given that its
objectives are to increase the viability of Iran as a net exporter of
energy during a time when the world’s hydrocarbon energy resources
are diminishing.
   A sound American-Iranian relationship based upon mutual
respect, non-aggression, and increased economic             interaction will sta-
bilize the Middle East and the world at large. Europe, Russia, China,
and India with reap tremendous economic benefit. Israel will find its
strategic position strengthened, not weakened, as Iran will seek to
                              CONCLUSION                              e213



moderate its role and influence in the region along lines more bene-
ficial to economic growth and prosperity. In doing so, new markets
will be created for Israel to exploit. Energy supplies and prices will be
stabilized. And, given America’s role as a global leader and power, all
of this will act to the benefit of America, which will likewise share in
the economic boost that will result from such a policy course. When
one compares and contrasts this boost with the economic disaster that
any war with Iran would bring with it, the boost becomes a boom, with
the economic differential being measured globally in the trillions of
dollars.
   But, most important of all, no American        soldiers, sailors, airmen,
and Marines    will have   to die on   Iranian   soil, or fall in combat   in
another theater because of any American aggression against Iran. No
Iranian civilian needs to die due to the American bombardment of
their homes, and no Israeli needs to cower in fear inside an air raid
shelter as Iranian missiles rain down on their cities. People around the
world will not have to do without as a result of the economic devasta-
tion that would fall out from an American-Iranian war. And the rep-
utation of America, already badly scarred as a result of misadventures
in years past, will be given a huge healing boost, enabling America to
re-assert itself as a force of global peace and stability, as opposed to
one of hegemony, death, and destruction.
    It is not too late for America to change the course it has been
charting for the past few years. But this course change will not happen
on its own volition. It requires an engagement by the American citi-
zenry on a scale that has not been witnessed in recent times. It
requires a rejection of the Bush administration’s policies, and of the
Bush administration itself. It requires a Congress reinvigorated with
new blood that can only come about through an engaged and
informed electorate. It requires a fundamental re-examination of how
the United States will choose to interact with the rest of the world in
the years to come, whether we will sull adhere to the hubris of having
300 million people dictate the terms of coexistence to a world of sev-
eral billions, or operate with continued national impotence as
another nation, Israel, dictates national security policy for all
America. This requires a national debate, discussion, and dialogue on
these very important issues, a dialogue that must take place sooner
rather than later.
214   e                        CONCLUSION



    Iran is the one issue that can destroy America in the years ahead.
As such, it must be elevated and injected into the national discourse
as soon as possible, with as much urgency and passion as exists con-
cerning Iraq. Americans from all political walks of life must empower
themselves with knowledge and information so that they can over-
come the fear born of ignorance and engage on this most critical of
issues.   Iran, Israel, weapons   of mass    destruction,   and   the role of
America in an ever complicated world must become the fodder of
political debate at every level of the electoral process in the United
States. Failure to do so is not simply a failure of citizenship. It is a facil-
itation of disaster that will touch us all.
                          Postscript


THE DANGER       OF WRITING A topical book is that events often outstrip
the time-line-driven realities of publication. On the surface, this seems
to have been the case with certain aspects of Target Iran. As of the end
of July 2006, the theoretical “konseptsia” embraced by Israel that I
warned about in Chapter One, linking as it does the issues of Hamas
and Hezbollah with the nations of Syria and Iran, has become an ugly
reality with the ongoing Israeli-Hezbollah and Israeli-Hamas conflicts.
The hypothesis of an ugly northern front between Israel and Hezbollah
has   become   reality, with   hundreds   of Hezbollah   rockets   pounding
northern Israel, and Israel in turn launching devastating aerial and
artillery bombardments of its own.
    The political “Israeli trap” warned about in the original manuscript
has likewise moved from the realm of theory into stark reality, with the
United States Congress, in bilateral fashion, blindly supporting Israel
on the issue of Hezbollah, with seemingly total disregard for the com-
plexities of the actual situation. This Congressional action mirrored a
similar rubber-stamp approval of the Israeli actions in Lebanon by the
Bush administration, actions so void of any notion of pragmatism and
balance as to make the United States appear in the eyes of many around
the world, especially Muslims and Arabs (but increasingly others in
Europe and Asia as well), indistinguishable from Israel, a tragic blend
of proxy and facilitator that only diminishes the stature of the United
States.
216    e                            POSTSCRIPT



   Throughout the unfolding conflict between Israel and Lebanon,
one theme remained consistent in both Tel Aviv and Washington,
D.C.—that the ultimate responsibility for the violence in southern
Lebanon rested not so much with Hezbollah, but rather with Iran. As
such, the conflict between Hezbollah and Israel has become a sort of
war by proxy, pitting Iran against the United States. Given the hyper-
bole and irresponsible rhetoric that has been in vogue in the ranks of
the Bush administration and much of the mainstream media here in
the United States when it comes to the issue of Iran and its nuclear
program, such a war by proxy is a very dangerous development.
      America’s    founding    father,     President    George      Washington,
strongly counseled       against American         involvement    in “entangling
alliances,” and yet on the issue of Iran and its nuclear program,              our
collective entanglement with Israel threatens to take a minor regional
problem (the Israeli-Hezbollah conflict) and turn it into a wider con-
flict that has far-reaching implications for the entire world (any US-
Iran conflict). If one looks at the demographics and geopolitical
realities of the Israeli-Hezbollah       conflict, it is nothing more     than a
regional conflagration that has as much significance as the ongoing
violence in Chechnya or the simmering unrest between the Republic
of Georgia and the breakaway territory of Abkhazia.
      The   difference   in these    conflicts   is Israel, which   has used    its
unmatched ability to lobby and influence American politicians and
policies so that its struggle with a legitimate Lebanese popular resist-
ance movement—Hezbollah—has taken on global consequences that
far outstrip any real impact of such a conflict. As such, a moderate
border dispute has become, in the eyes of many, the first front in a
major struggle that pits the United States (and Israel) against any and
all in the Middle East who do not support either the concept of
regional hegemony by Israel or global hegemony by the United
States. The larger target in this mix is, of course, Iran, which has been
singled out by both Israel and the United States as the ultimate
“problem” that must be resolved if the Israeli-Hezbollah conflict is to
be terminated in a manner beneficial to both Israel and the United
States.
    Amazingly enough, the Israeli-Hezbollah conflict has helped push
the issue of Iran’s nuclear program off the front burner of interna-
tional concern. The world went from debating the allegations of
                             POSTSCRIPT                           ©   217



Iran’s clandestine development of nuclear weapons to Hezbollah’s
(Iran-facilitated) launching of short-range artillery rockets into
northern Israel. The disparity between the true global threat potential
of these two issues highlights the reality that all of the hyperbole and
rhetoric emanating from the United States (and Israel) regarding the
imminence and severity of the Iranian threat, in the form of a nuclear
weapons program, was little more than empty speculation designed to
prop up the real policy objectives embraced by both Washington,
D.C., and Tel Aviv concerning the isolation and ultimate removal of
the Iranian theocratic regime in Tehran. With Israel now indirectly
engaged in combat with Iran, at least in the minds of those who buy
into the notion of war by proxy, the Bush administration has de-
emphasized its “sky is falling” warnings of an Iranian nuclear weapon
with a more events-driven rhetoric that seeks to label Iran as the
world’s leading state-sponsor of terrorism. The goal remains the same
—to isolate and destabilize Iran.
    But even in this deft maneuvering of politically motivated seman-
tics, the Bush administration, and indeed the State of Israel, cannot
escape the history of their collective effort to label Iran as a nuclear
proliferation threat requiring urgent action. With Israel’s stockpile of
U.S.-provided “bunker busting” bombs, originally acquired to target
Iran’s nuclear infrastructure, now being expended in southern
Lebanon and Beirut, the immediacy of any Israeli aerial attack against
Iran has been considerably diminished (there seems to be little talk
about how Israel ever expected to be able to accomplish anything
more than triggering a wider Iranian-U.S. conflict in bombing distant
targets in Iran, when its vaunted Air Force was having so much trouble
targeting Hezbollah targets right along its border).
    The danger of the Israeli “konsepstia” linking Hezbollah with Iran
is not diluted by the growing reality of the impotence of the Israeli
military in southern Lebanon, but rather exacerbated. Israel will
never be able to defeat Hezbollah decisively. The main reason is that
Hezbollah is not a nonstate terrorist movement, as portrayed by Israel
and the United States, but rather a legitimate expression of the
people of Lebanon, primarily Shi’a, who rose up in response to the
Israeli invasion and occupation of Lebanon in 1982. Israel’s ongoing
actions against Hezbollah are not only militarily inconsequential but
ineffective and counterproductive, as they simply feed the very dynamic
Zee                           POSTSCRIPT



that gave birth to Hezbollah and facilitated its growth. In many ways
the inability of Israel and the United States to recognize this reality is
mirrored by the similarly unrealistic analytical framework that has
been constructed concerning Iran and its government. Both Israel
and the United States labor under a model of action that seeks to iso-
late the Iranian government from the Iranian people, in total disre-
gard for the historical and political imperatives that link the two
(namely the dictatorial rule of the American-backed       Shah of Iran).
The ongoing actions of the United States and Israel serve not to
weaken the bond between the Iranian people and the government of
the mullahs but rather strengthen it.

The real danger of the Israeli-Hezbollah conflict is that in casting it
as a larger conflict between the United States and Iran, Israel and its
American proxies have not only made resolving the Israeli-Hezbollah
conflict virtually impossible but likewise have made the possibility of
a larger US-Iran conflict a very distinct reality. The logic model is
simple: the more Israel tries to defeat Hezbollah militarily, the
stronger Hezbollah becomes. As Hezbollah gains in strength, Iran
will be blamed, making any reduction of Hezbollah linked to a sim-
ilar reduction of Iran. By casting Hezbollah as a nonstate terrorist
organization, Israel and the United States in turn are casting Iran as
a state sponsor of terrorism. This model eliminates the need of the
United States to deal factually with issues such as Iran’s nuclear pro-
gram.
    The inability of the US Congress to act in a rational manner when
it comes to matters pertaining to the security of Israel means that the
stage has been set for a replay of the environment that existed in
Washington, D.C., in the months prior to the invasion of Iraq in 2003,
when the Bush administration was able to hype up a nonexistent Iraqi
WMD threat by noting that it did not want a “smoking gun” to come
in the form of a “mushroom cloud.” As Israel flounders in Lebanon,
and political pressures are brought to bear on Washington, D.C., to
resolve this conflict by confronting Iran, the implausibility of an
Iranian nuclear weapons program will once again be drowned out by
the fear-inducing rhetoric of the Bush administration, which will
once again hype up a nonexistent threat while leading America, and
the world, down the path of yet another war of aggression in Iran.
                               POSTSCRIPT                            e219



The only hope in preventing this from happening is for the American
people, and indeed people all around the world, to liberate them-
selves from their ignorance on the issue of U.S.-Iran relations, espe-
cially when it comes to any talk of an Iranian nuclear weapons
program, as well as the role played by Israel in exaggerating any threat
posed by Iran. This liberation can only come through the empower-
ment that accompanies the accumulation of knowledge and informa-
tion. This is the true goal and objective of Target Iran: to help facilitate
this intellectual “liberation” by providing an analytical examination of
an issue that has been for some time clouded over with misinforma-
tion and irresponsible rhetorically-laced speculation. If anything, the
outbreak of conflict between Israel and Hezbollah in the summer of
2006 only reinforces the need for this book.
  #18’                  7                                                                        _- |                  Beas
                                                                                                                       Ae                  es
                                                                                                                           Er «

 epee                  tli                                                                            stiadhinlaatd                        re
  cataTa,attentive ‘iota beat                                                                                      pony as ipl
  sega acer iteabien Whenlndadal                                                            ij                     i        hol
 cts
 om               mel            aks te ienicel sae Kegs
    ee                           >                 a           ae
 “As
 scaninataaaaaaneedl “en                                                                                       i im
 quae St iigaahohen at hy ce piebyoer
_ Mee itbandl aby ah weuge Uopvesida oe emg) fate                                                                  J
    mee england                                                 aaghieoy                     iL arlene                                                3
 imaaes PS     et Pee ee         ee
 i> pelo ealkiiner jeadybonoisd) shienegent
                                        tian poe
                                                by teas
  io tener art attistioras) het tee! aepersl Helles

   ong iag~’ @=22:                                      (pe             dro    Klp     CS   Tibetae OS Dt, Tepe Be                                    ‘
               »tewth@                      (ane              it!     (my      eit          Sree                    Wr                     ee
                » acvieeip oa puretls eu Tb tele Thai Gare, han pcre ee,
               LS                    2 ye              Oe ger Semis
                                                                  peeps ot Hoge eaters
   a                            oe                     ee                   ee
        wigs?           WA: hey,
                               Aw                                       > ae > eek                    Get                  Gral rae
        Yee                      )        TOME                 om             Ran      ad pd Deed                  Vie            ace
    mae                 tan              4d liom              @y peblg “atadied                       Ay           pee                Oe
    ‘ean          Gn        ,    Occw~ oad pat Vuley Sealedep Gy) See eeeeee
           a       36            > >          oenupccem,                      Th       aaptel ip igesGs ates
           Ea? Aq pe pe                            i tao            Alglee ath!)       Veer          eG (> 019.6% Se)                       Nt
                                                                                                                           .


         |                                    ip oo eT ag                            ee     Ot       Oe Oe                 rea              aad
             ae                      1      6, povOuna
                                                    Ge YS (8 ecelreis
                                                                 al) evan
    oe                  Mai)             we An @ (omete                              @ >: 9 foenaagnene                    ph         aaa
        ws
         bs0d
                                            bo, ited Fea ¢-ghee salle acne
                                          Hoge sp piney de God Mp ber
                                                                                                                       2                        ~
   \Py> 0 ow. 69                              we               CO0W Ot Eee s                                                                    a
        2 @ lauy 10 2 en                               dete                   Chit”
                                                                                 hp Quety
                                                                                                                                 ae
                                                                                                                                            te
   Afi! poe                     ioe           ye               wer Pen                    mM te            :                   ~~                ah

   ime             Kw                baaileg           ©            eee                     tae                                  abs
   i>     im       (gees                   coapmrg~g ieee                                    eBe               )           rr     >        ae
   c=          Gupdllluliny                    ‘Wate
                                                                                                                                » =aer
   et                                                                                                          i                      a,
   od          Ht           ee                         ee                                              “oF                        on

                                                                                                 :                 -       a
        Bibliographical Notes


WHAT IS FASCINATING ABOUT THE writing of this book is that while
its content and analysis is decidedly different than much of what is avail-
able in the open press, the sources used in compiling this book are, for
the most part, readily available to the general public. I have, of course,
made considerable use of resources not so available, namely individuals
who have first-hand access to information and activities pertinent to the
subject addressed herein: Iran and its nuclear program. In writing this
book, I have been very careful to protect the identities of those individ-
uals who shared their experiences and expertise. For this reason, a
detailed system of footnotes would be self-defeating, specifying as it
would where a particular item or data point came from and, where such
a footnote did not exist, highlighting the fact that a particular piece of
information came from a human source. I chose not to use footnotes in
an effort to protect those who agreed to assist in the compilation of
information used in this book. I do not think this book suffers as a result.
    Likewise, in writing this book, the sourcing of certain events
becomes self-evident, as dates, names and places are specified. In the
day and age of Google and other search engines, a simple key word
check would allow any reader to ascertain the accuracy in which I
quoted an individual or document, as well as the manner in which I
placed it in context to the overall text.
   There are some general sources available that the reader of this book
may wish to access, as I did, in an effort to build a broader foundation
222    e                BIBLIOGRAPHICAL     NOTES



of knowledge upon which to better assess this book. “The Manipu-
lator,” an article by Jane Mayer published in the the New Yorker maga-
zine on June 7, 2004, is a particularly good analysis of Ahmed Chalabi
and his relationship with the US Government.
    “MEK: A Terrorist US Ally?” an article by Daniel Pipes and Patrick
Clawson, published in the New York Post on May 20, 2003, and “Exiles:
How Iran’s Expatriates are Gaming the Nuclear Threat,” by Connie
Bruck in the New Yorker, March 6, 2006, provide contrasting points of
view on the Iranian resistance group, the MEK. The National Council
of Resistance of Iran also provides press releases and transcripts of
briefings in its Web site, www.ncr-iran.org. The role of the MEK in US
policy planning regarding Iran, as well as a great overall treatment of
U.S.-Iran policy, is covered in Seymour Hersh’s article “Plan B,” in the
June 28, 2004 issue of the New Yorker.
      Israel is a complicated   subject to write on, and much   of what I
write is based upon my first-hand experience. However, some useful
sources which I used to fill out my research included “Israel’s Intelli-
gence Scandal,” by Uri Avnery, published in Counterpunch, June 21,
2004, and “Cause for Concern,” by Sara Leibovich-Dar, published in
Haaretz, February 18, 2003. Former Jsraeli Defense Minister Moshe
Aren’s book, Broken Covenant, published by Simon and Schuster in
February 1995, provides an interesting insight into U.S.-Israeli rela-
tions at the time of the first Gulf War in 1991.
     The issue of nuclear enrichment and nuclear weaponization is
complicated enough without having the matter burdened by misin-
formation and exaggerations. A basic understanding of some of the
fundamental issues which are relevant to the discussion in Target Iran
can be had by reading Vivian Grey’s Secret of the Mysterious Rays, pub-
lished by Basic Books in 1966, and The Fly in the Cathedral: How a Group
of Cambridge Scientists Won the Race to Split the Atom, written by Brian
Cathcart and published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux in 2005. Allan S.
Krass, Peter Boskma, Boelie Elzen, and Wim A. Smit have written an
outstanding primer for placing nuclear technology and processes
into the context of proliferation in their text, Uranium Enrichment and
Nuclear Weapon Proliferation, published by the Stockholm International
Peace Research Institute in 1983.
    While it sometimes seems that much of what transpires in the
realm of weapons inspections is secret, the fact of the matter is that
                       BIBLIOGRAPHICAL      NOTES                   e223



the International Atomic Energy Agency maintains an extraordinary
level of transparency about the work it conducts. [ran in particular has
been well documented by the IAEA. The IAEA Web site, www.iaea.org,
contains a number of “In Focus” articles, including “IAEA and the
NPT,” “IAEA and DPRK,” and “IAEA and Iran,” which provide links to
official reports and documents which detail the work of the inspectors
as well as the details of IAEA meetings in which official reports are
made concerning a particular problem. In the case of Iran, almost
every aspect of the IAEA inspections is covered in great detail in the
IAEA reports that are accessible on the IAEA Web site.
    The journal of the Arms Control Association, Arms Control Today,
contains numerous reports and articles on Iran which expand on
some of the material contained in the official IAEA documents. All
issues of Arms Control Today can be accessed on the Arms Control Asso-
ciation Web site at www.armscontrol.org/act. If one wants to dig even
deeper into the minutia of nuclear proliferation as it applies to Iran,
www.armscontrolwonk.com provides a vast amount of data covering,
as it proclaims, “All the stuff about WMD, intel and the national secu-
rity bureaucracy by Dr. Jeffrey Lewis and friends too wonky or obscure
for publication.” I found the site fascinating and informative.
    As a public service organization, the European Commission, like
the IAEA, maintains a remarkable degree of transparency. Official
documents, statements, and press releases can be accessed on its Web
site at www.ec.europa.eu/comm/external_relations.
    Other useful sources which touch upon material covered in this
book include “The Wrath of Khan,” by William Langewiesche, pub-
lished in the Atlantic Monthly in November 2005. No better source on
the A.Q. Khan nuclear blackmarket activity exists in the public
domain. “The World According to Bolton,” by David Bosco, published
in the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists in July-August 2005, represents a very
balanced look at a very controversial figure, Ambassador      John Bolton.
I found it very useful. Likewise Al-Jazeera’s “People Profile” on Iran’s
Ayatollah Khamenei, published on 29 November 2004, provided
unique insights into a man and government the west knows very little
about.
    Regardless of the quality of the sources listed above (which does
not represent a comprehensive bibliography used in the writing of
this book by any means), I remain solely responsible for the text of
224   ¢                BIBLIOGRAPHICAL     NOTES



this book, including all facts and assessments. I hope that my reputa-
tion for integrity and analysis will sooth over any ruffled feathers that
might occur because of a lack of suitable footnoting and source quo-
tation. In the end it will be up to the individual reader to pass final
judgment.
                                          Index
93+2 program, 42, 56, 60                                and North Korea, 48
                                                        United   Nations,   142,         168,   172-73,
A                                                           178-79, 188
“A Clean Break,” xxii—xxiii                          bone yard, 207
Ab-Ali, 58, 60                                       Boucher, Richard, 56, 59
Abu Tahir, Buhary Seyed, 113                         Brill, Kenneth, 70, 83, 89
Additional Protocol, 42, 56, 61, 71, 86, 103,        Britain, 50, 97, 114-15, 153, 155, 163
    105, 117, 129                                       See also EU-3
Afeka, 6                                             Brownback, Sam, 151
Aghazadeh, Reza, 51-52, 95, 121                      Buenos Aires, 22
Agreed Framework, 46—48, 52-53                       Bush, George W., 43, 144-45, 150, 167-68,
Ahmadinejad, Mahmoud,           173, 182, 187, 190       178-79
Al Aqsa Intifada, 30                                    and Europe, 162-64
Al Furat, 54-55                                         national policy address 2006, 194-95
American-Israeli Public Affairs Committee               State   of the    Union   Address       (2002),
    (AIPAC), xxii, 25, 28-29, 132, 209                      xx-xxi, 53, 137-38
Amitay, Morris, xxii                                 Bushehr, 25, 59, 164
Annan, Kofi, 45, 136
Aqazadeh, Gulamreza, 57, 87                          Cc
Arafat, Yassir, 23, 30, 33                           Cambone, Stephen, 137
Arak, xxv, 49, 56, 60, 70, 128                       Camp Ashraf, xx
Arens, Moshe, 7-9                                    Camp David talks (2000), 30
atom splitting, 36                                   Carter, Jimmy, 47
Atomic Energy Organization of Iran (AEOI),           centrifuge, 38-39, 59, 62, 95, 99, 117, 119,
    51                                                   157, 174, 185, 192
“Atoms for Peace” speech, 39                            See also P-1 centrifuge; P-2 centrifuge
Axis of Evil, xxi, 43, 45, 53                        Chalabi, Ahmed, xiii, xviii, xxii
Ayalon, Moshe, 32                                    Chamberlain, Neville, 163
Azeri nationalist movement, 29                       Chatellerault, 73
Azur, 6                                              Chatila, 4
                                                     Cheney, Dick, 7, 9, 44, 46, 49-50
B                                                    Chernomyrdin, Viktor, 24
Baker, James, 7, 9                                   China, 69, 86, 95, 130, 160-62, 188, 198-99
Bam, 105-6                                           Chirac, Jacques, 79
Barroso, Jose Manuel Durao, 152-53                   CIA, 99-100, 110
Barzani, Mullah Mustafa, 20, 29                      Clean Lab, 67
Baute, Jacques, 52, 55, 66                           Clinton administration, 28, 113
Becquerel, Henri, 35, 37                             CNN-ISIS broadcast, 55-56
Ben-Eliezer, Benjamin, xxiv                          Cockcroft, John, 36
Berlusconi, Silvo, 152                               Committee for a Democratic Iran, xxi—xxiii
Bernier, Michel, 159                                 Cresson, Edith, 73
Bertholot, Rene, 73
Bin-Nun, Avi, 8                                      D
bismuth, 117                                         Defense Industries Organization (DIO), 121, 123
Blair, Tony, 50, 77, 79                              diffusion, 38, 39
Blix, Hans, 45-46, 49, 51, 57                        “Doctrine for Joint Nuclear Operations”, 179
Bolton, John, 135-44                                 “Downing Street Memo”, 195
   and Iran, 102, 129, 160, 190, 199-201             Dror, Ya’acov Ami, 14, 33
   and Israel, 132, 208                              Dubai, 184
226    e                                       INDEX                                     >



E                                                    Harmon, Jane, 164
Eagleburger, Lawrence, 6-7                           Hasmonean Tunnel, 16
earthquake, 105-6                                    Heinonen, Olli, 49, 57, 60, 63-65, 69, 121,
Einstein, Albert, 36                                     167, 184, 186
Eisenhower, Dwight D., 39                            Helms, Jesse, 142
El-Baradei, Mohammed,     34,        44-60,   174,   HEU (high enriched uranium), 37, 87, 89,
    178-80                                               94-95, 120, 123, 128, 133, 157, 180
    biography, 42-43                                 Hezbollah, 16, 19, 22, 27, 207
    and      Iran, 70, 83, 93-94, 100-105,           the Holocaust, 1-2, 33-34
           116-17, 128, 157-60, 164-65               human rights, 82
    and Iraq, 65-66, 121, 133                        Hussein, Saddam, xiii, xx, xxiii, 7, 15-16,
    Nobel Peace Prize, 181                               29, 32, 44, 51, 112
    report to IAEA, 88-89, 192
Eternal    Light   (Operation         Forough-e      I
    Jaavedaan), xix                                  Ice Castle, 4-5, 10
EU-3, 97-99, 101, 104, 122, 153, 155, 157,           imminent threat concept, 140
    166, 173, 175-77, 194, 198-99                    Institute for Science         and       International
    See also European Union                              Security (ISIS), 55
euro, 74                                             International      Atomic      Energy         Agency
European Commission, 74~76, 82                           (IAEA), xxiv, 14, 34, 39-72, 94-106
European Constitution, 153                               origins, 39-41
European Parliament, 74-76                               safeguards, 41-42
European Union,         73-79,   82, 84-85,    91,   Iran
   130-31, 152-53                                        earthquake, 105-6
   See also EU-3                                         future U.S. policy, 197-215
                                                         and Israel, 19-20
F                                                        and Palestinians, 31
Fakhraver, Ali, 82                                       and Russia, xxi, xxiv, 19, 23, 25, 130, 164
fatwa, 170                                           Iran-Contra scandal, 22
Feurth, Leon, 24                                     Iraq
Fhimahto, al Amin Khalifa, 114                           Kuwait invasion, 5
Fischer, Joshka, 159                                     U.S. invasion, 32-33, 79-81
fission, 37                                              weapons of mass destruction (WMD),
France, 76, 97, 153, 163                                     xxii, 30
    See also EU-3                                    Iraq Nuclear Verification Office (INVO), 49
Frattini, Franco, 101                                Isfahan, 59, 70
Fuel Enrichment Plant (FEP), 61                      Israel, 1-34
                                                         and Germany, 111-12
G                                                        and Iran, 19-20, 208
gamma spectrometry, 67                                   and Iraq, 12
Gates, Robert, 7                                         and Lebanon, 16
Gchine, 185-86                                           and Turkey, 21
Germany, 25, 74-76, 97, 111-12,           153-55,        US. relations, 33, 207-14
    163                                              Israeli Defense Force (IDF), 4, 10-11, 14
    See also EU-3                                    Ivanov, Igor, 86
Gil, Yehuda, 19
Gilad, Amos, 2-4,        7, 13-14,    19, 22-24,     J
    27-28, 30-32                                     Jabr Ibn Hayan Multipurpose Laboratory
Gillerman, Dan, 208                                      (JHL), 62-63
Goldschmidt, Pierre,    49, 57, 60, 63-65,           Jafarzadeh, Alireza, xix—xxvi 60, 91-93
    68-69, 94, 121, 165-67, 174, 186                 Jannati, Ayatollah Ahmad, 99
Green Salt project, 183-84, 186                      Jenin, 30
Guardian Council, 170                                Jericho missile force, 8
Gulf War, 13, 112, 154                               Joliot-Curie, Francis, 36
                                                     Joliot-Curie, Irene, 36
H
Haas, Richard, 7                                     K
Haifa, 6                                             Kahota, 41
Halevy, Efrem, 32-33                                 Kala   (Kalaye)    Electric   Company,        58, 60,
Hamas, 207                                               63-64
Hamza, Khidir (Saddam’s Bombmaker), 44—45            Kalaye, 68-70, 87, 92, 94-95, 123, 128
                                            INDEX                                            ©    227


Kamal, Hussein, 44, 111                          National     Council      of   Resistance   in    Iran
Karine A, 30                                           (NCRI), xviii, 28, 48, 92-93, 125, 147
Karroubi, Hehdi, 60                              National Security Strategy (2002), 138-41
Kashan (Nantz), 49, 55-56,        58, 60, 62,    National Security Strategy (2006), 190-93,
    84-88, 94, 99, 117, 128                          195
Katsav, Moshe, |                                 National Threat Assessment (1996), 23
Kay, David, 97                                   NATO, 76
Kazakhstan, 25                                   neo-conservative policy, 138
Kelly, James, 52                                 Netanyahu, Benjamin, xxiii, 16, 27, 30
Kerry, John, 147                                 No-Dong missiles, 18
Khadafi, Muhammar,         113                   North Korea, 18-19, 43, 46—48, 52-54, 57
Khamenei, Ayatollah Ali, 159, 169-72, 178,       Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty (NPT), 34,
    181-82, 193                                        40, 83, 150, 186
Khan, A. Q., 41, 110-13, 116, 165-66, 184-85     Nuclear Posture Review, 53
Kharazzi, Kamal, 86, 91, 101, 121                Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG), 41, 72
Khatami, Mohammad, 57-60, 81, 93, 99,            nuclear technology, 37-39
    101, 105, 121                                      energy, 36, 202-3
Khomeini, Ayatollah, 91, 169                           fingerprints, 66
Kolahdouz, 91-92                                       fission, 36
konseptsia, 3, 7, 27-28, 31                            transformations, 36
Kurds, 19-21, 29                                       weapons, 36, 40, 203
Kuwait, 5, 210
                                                 (6)
L                                                Ocalan, Abdullah, 21
laptop intelligencs, 183-84                      OFEK-3 satellite, 27
Lashkar-Ab’ad, 95-96                             oil, 204-6
Lavizan-Shian, 124, 126-27, 166, 185, 203        Operation Desert Fox, 29
Lavrov, Sergei, 107-9, 120                       Operation      Forough-e Jaavedaan          (Eternal
Le Mortadella (Romano Prodi), 75-76,                   Light), xix
    79-81, 84, 152                               Operation Grapes of Wrath, 16
Leakage Committee,       28                      Operations Division B, 49
Lebanon, 16, 22                                  O'Reilly, Bill, 144
Leeden Michael, xxii—xxiii                       Osirak nuclear reactor, 146
LEU (low enriched uranium), 37, 87, 89,          Oslo Accord, 17
   94-95, 120, 128, 133, 157, 180
Libby, I. “Scotter”, 137                         P
Libya, 110, 113-16                               P-1 centrifuge, 113-14, 165, 185, 189
Likud Party, xxiii, 16                           P-2 centrifuge, 113-17, 119, 122-24,              128,
liquefied natural gas (LNG), 130                       133, 157-58, 165, 185, 189
                                                 Pahlavi, Reza, xxiii, xxv
M                                                Pakistan, 41, 110, 125
McCain,   John, 164                              Palestine, 31, 33
Megrahi, Abdel Basset Ali, 114                   Palestinian Authority, 27
MI-6, 110, 112, 114-15                           Palestinian Security Service (PSS), 17
The Middle East Quarterly, 28-29                 Pan Am Flight 103, 113
Missile  Technology     Control         Regime   Parchin, 143, 166, 184-85
     (MRCR), 18                                  Pardis, Seved Reza, 105
missiles, 5-11, 18, 23, 112, 154, 183            Paris Agreement,     155-57,         159-60,      163,
The Model Protocol, 42                                175-77
Mofaz, Shaul, 1, 103                             Peres, Shimon, 16
Molybdenum,      Iodine, Xenon   Radioisotope    Pilot Fuel Enrichment Plant (PFEP), 61
   Production facility (MIX), 63                 PLO, 30, 207
Mossad, 19, 102                                  polonium, 117-19
Mujahedin-e Khalq (MER), xix—xx, 28, 125,        Powell, Collin, 81, 102, 104, 145, 162-63
    147                                          pre-emptive actions, 140
Mukhabarat, 28                                   Prodi,    Romano       (Le Mortadella),         75-76,
Mullahsby, 151                                         79-81, 84, 152
                                                 Proliferation Security Initiative (PSI), 115
N                                                Putin, Vladimir, xxiv, 107-9
Nantz (Kashan), 49, 55-56,        58, 60, 62,
   84-88, 94, 99, 117, 128
228 e                                           INDEX                              a.



                                                     Tehran     Nuclear Research    Center       (TNRC),
Q
Quartet, 31, 32                                         62
Quayle, Dan, 7                                       Tehran Statement, 177
                                                     Tel Aviv, 6, 9
R                                                    Tenant, George, xxiv, 50
radioactivity, 35                                    Tikva, 9
Rafsanjani, Akbar Hashemi, 60-61, 159                Trade and Cooperation Agreement (TCA),
Rajavi, Massoud, xx                                      82
“Rebuilding America’s Defenses”, 137                 tri-conic warhead design, 183
Reeker, Phillip, xiii-xvii                           Turkey, 21, 29
relativity theory, 36
Rice, Condaleeza, 49-50, 54-55, 162-64, 167,         U
    189-90, 203                                      United Nations, 24-25, 142
Rishon Letzion, 9                                    United     Nations   Monitoring      and    Verifica-
Roentgen, Wilhelm, 35                                   tion Commission       (U.N.MOVIC), 45
Rohani, Hassan, 121                                  uranium, 35, 37-38, 58-59
Rowhani, Hassan, 91-92, 97, 100, 131, 159,              enrichment        of uranium,      37-39,       167,
    164, 170                                                173, 192, 194
Rumsfield, Donald, 76, 84                               HEU (high enriched uranium), 37, 87,
Russia, 17, 107-9, 164, 174, 187-88, 198-99                 89, 94-95, 120, 123, 128, 133, 157,
     and Iran, xxi, xxiv, 19, 23, 25, 130, 164              180
                                                        hexaflouride, 25
S                                                       lasers, 96, 119
Sabra, 4                                                LEU (low enriched uranium), 37, 87,
Saddam’s     Bombmaker         (Khidir     Hamza),          89, 94-95, 120, 128, 133, 157, 180
     44-45                                              uranium-235, 37-38
Safeguards Analytical Laboratory, 66-67                 uranium-238, 37-38
Saguy, Uni, 15                                          yellowcake, 50, 52, 58, 66, 127
Salehi, Ali, 83, 90, 105                             URENCO, 39
Samsami, Soona, 60                                   U.S. Department of Defense, 179
Sanders, Jackie, 132
Santer, Jacques, 73-74                               Vv
Schroeder, Gerhard, 179                              Vashem, Yad, 1-2
Scowcroft, Brent, 7                                  Velayati, Ali, 91
screening techniques, 67
SCUD-B missiles, 18                                  WwW
SCUD-C missiles, 18                                  Walton, E.T.S., 36
SCUD missiles, 5-11, 112, 154, 183                   War of the Cities, 18
Second           Preparatory             Committee   Whole Body Counters (WBC), 126
    (PrepCom), 71, 82                                Wolfowitz, Paul, 137
Seibersdorf Lab, 66-67, 87                           Woolsey, James, xxii
September 11, 2001, 43                               World Trade Organization           (WTO),    194
Shagand, 60                                          Worshop 1001, 114
Shah of Iran, 19, 25
Shahib-3 missile, 18, 23, 183                        x
Shalom, Silvan, 134                                  X-Ray fluorescence, 67
Shamir, Prime Minister, 8, 10
Shamkhani, Ali, 91                                   Y
Sharon, Ariel, xxiii, xxiv, 30-31, 134, 143, 167     yellowcake, 50, 52, 58, 66, 127
Shomron, Dan, 8                                      Yom Kippur War, 20
Simens, 25                                           Yongbyon, 53
Sobhani, Rob, xxiii                                  Yunessi, Ali, 91
Solano, Javier, 102, 153, 155, 159, 193
Soviet Union, 17                                     Z
State of the Union Address       (2002), xx—xxi,     Za’ira, Eli, 3
    53, 137-38                                       The Zanger Committee, 41
Straw, Jack, 86, 155, 159                            Zionism, 141-42

ak
Tahir, Abu, 113-14
Tehran Declaration, 97-98, 103-5, 153
SCOTT RITTER was one of the UN’s top
weapons inspectors in Iraq between 1991
and 1998. Before working for the UN, he
served as an officer in the U.S. Marines and
as a ballistic missile adviser to General H.
Norman Schwarzkopf in the first Gulf War. He
is the author of many books, including /raq
Confidential, and lives in New York State.




Cover design by Tom McKeveny
Cover photo © Corbis
Author photograph by Henry Arvidson



NATION BOOKS
An imprint of Avalon Publishing Group, Inc.
www.nationbooks.org
Distributed by Publishers Group West
PRAISE FOR SCOTT RITTER AND IRAQ CONFIDENTIAL
“The most important thing to know about Scott Ritter, the man, is that he was right.
He told us again and again in 2002 and early 2003 as President George Bush
and Prime Minister Tony Blair prepared for war in Iraq that there were no weapons. . . .
in this book, Ritter digs deeply into his pocket of secrets and tells far more than
he has in the past about the inability of the White House—be         it Bill Clinton’s or
George Bush’s—and the intelligence bureaucrats to listen to real-time information
Suggesting that Saddam’s WMD arsenal was empty.” —Seymour Hersh


“What makes: Iraq Confidential such an. important and fascinating book is that
Ritter himself was a-key figure in the espionage maneuvers before the. lraq war
began. He is not another: journalist writing a book based on undisclosed sources            -
or a former spy extolling his own career, but dan American working for the UN who
found himself plunged into a fight—not with Saddam, but with competing units of -
the American intelligence community.” —James Ridgeway, The Village Voice              ~


“[Ritter] provides a gripping outline of his role in the hunt for WMD.through an
account that often reads like a spy novel.” —Assbciated ‘Press


“During the heyday of the UN Special Commission on Iraq (UNSCOM) in the.1990s,
Scott Ritter was the most controversial of its weapons inspectors. His door-kicking
tactics sometimes alarmed Western governments as much as they incensed his
lraqi minders. But-Mr. Ritter felt he had a job to do, and it was not only the Iraqis
who were getting in his way. The CIA . .. deliberately sabotaged not just some of
his activities in Iraq but also UNSCOM itself. The American government wanted
to see lraq stripped of weapons of mass destruction, but only in pursuit of its real
aim: to get rid of Saddam Hussein.” —The Economist



                                    CURRENT EVENTS
eros                    :       ISBN-13: 978-1-56025-936-7
                                ISBN -10:i1-56025-936-
                                             iiiilwi   2595




                            9    "781560"259367
