Full verbatim transcript: Professor Jung (Jiang) podcast, 7 March 2026
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rIgZD-tk3s

---

Hi everybody. Today's Saturday, March 7th, 2026 and our new friend, Professor Jung, is here with us. Welcome, Professor. >> Hi. >> And it's it's the first time you are in this podcast. I know that many of our audience know you from your, you know, videos on YouTube on these lectures, you know, amazing lectures that I got familiar recently with those lectures. I was amazed with the information with the wisdom in those videos and how you connect the historical facts to what is going on right now and what would happen in the future considering all this history. And Jung, what is right now? what is happening right now in the aftermath of that devastating war in Ukraine which literally destroyed Ukraine and right now we have a new war in the Middle East. This is not a war between, you know, the United States and Iraq or Afghanistan. They didn't have that much of power to fight back. This is Iran. That's somehow different in terms of the size of the country, size of the population, their military power is different. What is your understanding of what's going on in the Middle East? >> Right. So, um, we are in World War II right now. Um it's only been a week, but this war between United States and Iran can only escalate um over time. So today there are rumors circulating online that the 82nd Airborne Division of the United States Army has been given deployment orders. um they've they've stopped uh training exercises and it is possible there they will be deployed to the Middle East very soon uh possibly within next few days. The use of ground troops in uh against Iran would uh mark a massive uh escalation. Right now, it's mainly an air war where the United States and Israel have air supremacy, meaning that they can strike at will against uh Iran. And because the costs are limited, even though America and Israel are suffering casualties, it isn't that many casualties. They're trying to avoid as many casualties as possible. And so um they can theoretically retreat from this war, but the moment that ground troops go into Iran, then um it is impossible to retreat um and this war can only escalate. So a massive turning point in this conflict will be the use of ground troops. If ground troops are used, then um we are in World War II and this will mark the end of the world as we know it. A ground war would also most likely draw in other actors as well. It may draw in the GCC. It may draw draw in the Europeans. It will definitely draw in Russia. It may even draw in China. And it may also draw in South Korea and Japan as well because remember the shoo moves supplies most of the oil to the Asian economies of Pakistan uh India, Japan, South Korea and China. In fact provides about 75% of all of Japan's oil needs. And the uh Japanese prime minister Takayachi has said that if this war continues the moose is continues to be closed then Japan will run out of oil in about 8 months time. So we can imagine that there is panic within the Japanese cabinet and they are actually preparing to intervene somehow in this conflict whether it's diplomatically whether it's economically or even militarily. South Korea may also need to come in as well. So the humus really is um the nexus of the world. It is the center of all global trade and if stays close because of this war then eventually it will draw in the entire world. Uh you mentioned the war war in Ukraine previously and from a geopolitical perspective. um this war in Iran um is actually um is what follows naturally from the war in Ukraine because from a geopolitical perspective um Russia if it were to win the war in Ukraine it would have control over onethird of the world's carbohydrates. Russia if it wanted to could starve the Middle East and could starve Africa. Um, Ukraine is the bread basket of Europe. Um, without Ukrainian energy and food and Russian energy, the Europeans are suffering economically. And so if um, uh, Europe is to survive and it needs its energy from the Middle East. And so what America is trying to do is trying to control the Middle East by strangling Iran to death. And so um in many ways this war in Iran uh is a response to the Russian uh invasion of Ukraine. You know Russia has complete do battlefield dominance in Ukraine. Uh this war in Ukraine is essentially lost and so um if America is able to win this war in Iran, it will now control the energy supplies of the Middle East. um it will control all the trade in the world. You know there's a dream of a Eurasian heartland a grand alliance between Russia, Iran and uh China. Iran is the pivot point. So if um Iran were to collapse then America would still be able to control global trade. The petro dollar would still be uh um the dominant uh currency of the world. And so this is really a struggle of life and death for the American empire. And that's why in many ways America has no choice now but to go all in and send ground troops.

[Rest of transcript omitted for file size; full dialogue covers Greater Israel, false flags, GCC, US military, 12-day war, proxies, eschatology, nuclear, BRICS, who controls, outcome, Plato's cave, etc. Full text available from user or source URL.]
